EX-10.3
4
exhibit10-3.htm
FORM OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT
CORPORATION FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BASIC TERMS

A.
Effective
Date  

(Insert date Franchisee  

executes the
agreement):  

B.
Franchisor:  
Krispy Kreme Doughnut
Corporation, a North Carolina corporation  

C.
Store
Number:  

D.
Store
Address:  

E.
Store Type & Initial  

_____________
Factory
Store  
$50,000  

Franchise Fee:  
_____________
Hot
Shop  
$30,000  

_____________
Fresh Shop/Kiosk  
$20,000  

F.
Franchisee:  

Franchisee’s
Address:  

Telephone:  

Fax No.:

E-mail
Address:  

G.
Principal
Owners:  

H.
Managing
Director:  

I.
General
Manager:  

J.
Term:
The time period
commencing on the Effective Date and expiring 15 years after the Effective
Date.

Franchisor:  

(initials)  

Franchisee:  

(initials)  

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1.

BACKGROUND  
1

2.

DEFINITIONS  
1

3.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES  
5

4.

GRANT OF
FRANCHISE  
7

5.

FRANCHISOR’S RESERVATION OF RIGHTS  
7

6.

SITE
SELECTION  
8

7.

LEASE OR PURCHASE OF SITE  
9

8.

STORE
DEVELOPMENT  
9

9.

BUILDING, EQUIPMENT, FIXTURES, FURNISHINGS, SIGNS AND
SUPPLIES  
10

10.

COMPUTER
SYSTEM  
11

11.

STORE OPENING  
12

12.

CAPITAL
IMPROVEMENTS  
12

13.

INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE AND ROYALTIES  
13

14.

TRAINING AND
GUIDANCE  
14

15.

SYSTEM STANDARDS  
14

16.

MARKS  
15

17.

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
16

18.

PATENTS AND
INVENTIONS  
17

19.

WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP AND COPYRIGHTS  
18

20.

EXCLUSIVE
RELATIONSHIP  
19

21.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAW  
19

22.

MARKETING AND
ADVERTISING  
20

23.

ACCOUNTING, REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
22

24.

TRANSFER  
22

25.

SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE  
25

26.

TERMINATION OF
FRANCHISE  
26

27.

EFFECT OF TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION  
27

28.

RELATIONSHIP OF
PARTIES/INDEMNIFICATION  
30

29.

MISCELLANEOUS  
32

30.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS  
35

EXHIBIT A  
      
FRANCHISEE INFORMATION  

EXHIBIT
B  

PRINCIPAL
OWNERS’ PERSONAL GUARANTY  

EXHIBIT C  

INVESTOR PERSONAL COVENANTS  

EXHIBIT
D  

AUTHORIZATION
FOR ACH DEBITS OR CREDITS  

EXHIBIT E  

AUTHORIZED OFF-PREMISES SALES  
i

KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT
CORPORATION FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
      THIS
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of the
Effective Date by and between Franchisor and Franchisee.

1.

BACKGROUND

1.1
     
Franchisor has
developed, as a result of considerable time, skill, effort, and money, a
distinctive system for operating stores called “Krispy Kreme Stores” that
offer and serve a variety of doughnuts, beverages, and other authorized
products and services under the Marks.

1.2

Franchisor’s
Affiliate, HDN Development Corporation, owns the Marks and has granted
Franchisor the right to sublicense the Marks to its franchisees for their
use in operating Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary
Facilities.

1.3

Franchisor grants
Franchises to own and operate Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilites
to Persons who meet its qualifications and are willing to undertake the
investment and effort to properly develop and operate them.

1.4

Franchisee has
submitted a Franchise Application to own and operate a Krispy Kreme Store
at the Site, and Franchisor has accepted the application in reliance on
all information Franchisee has provided in connection
therewith.

2.

DEFINITIONS

2.1

Capitalized terms used
in this Agreement have the meanings given to them in this Section and in
the Basic Terms.

Account –
Franchisee’s bank account as to which
Franchisee has provided Franchisor with all appropriate account
information and from which Franchisee has authorized Franchisor to
withdraw funds by electronic funds transfers.

Affiliate –
Any person that directly or indirectly
owns or controls, that is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by,
or that is under common ownership or control with the referenced person,
including parents and subsidiaries.

Authorized
Off-Premises Sales – Sales to wholesale
customers pursuant to an express authorization by Franchisor, the current
form of which is attached as Exhibit E .

Basic Terms –
The terms of this Agreement set forth
on the Krispy Kreme Doughnut Corporation Franchise Agreement Basic Terms
section on the first page hereof.

Brand Fund –
As defined in Section
22 .

Commissary Facility
– A manufacturing facility for
doughnuts and other Products that are supplied to Hot Shops and Fresh
Shops/Kiosks. Commissary Facilities are not used for retail sales, but may
distribute and sell to wholesale customers, subject to Franchisor’s
authorization pursuant to the Commissary Facility Agreement.

Commissary Facility
Agreement – An agreement used by
Franchisor to grant the right to operate a Commissary Facility at a
specific location.

Competitive
Business – A business, other than a
Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility, that: (a) makes, sells or
distributes yeast-raised doughnuts, cake doughnuts, or any other types of
doughnuts, miniature doughnuts, doughnut holes or any other bakery
products in any distribution channel to any customer for consumption or
resale, and such sales constitute ten percent (10%) or more of its total
sales (or such sales from any single location constitute 10% or more of
the total sales of that location) during any calendar quarter or calendar
year; (b) sells coffee or coffee drinks in any distribution channel to
any
1

customer for consumption or resale,
and such sales constitute twenty percent (20%) or more of its total sales
(or such sales from any single location constitute 20% or more of the
total sales of that location) during any calendar quarter or calendar
year; (c) is the same as, or similar to, the Krispy Kreme Store concept as
it evolves over time; or (d) grants franchises or licenses, or establishes
joint ventures, for the development and/or operation of any business
referred to in (a) through (c), above. Restrictions in this Agreement on
having an Ownership Interest in a Competitive Business shall not apply to
the ownership of shares of a class of securities listed on a stock
exchange or traded on a public stock market that represents less than
three percent (3%) of the number of shares of that class of securities
issued and outstanding.
Confidential
Information – Certain confidential
information relating to the development and operation of Krispy Kreme
Stores and Commissary Facilities, which includes:

(a)
     
methods, techniques,
equipment, specifications, standards, policies, procedures, information,
concepts, and systems relating to and knowledge of and experience in the
development, equipping, operation, outfitting and franchising of Krispy
Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities, as well as expansion, growth and
development plans, and prospects;

(b)

marketing and
advertising programs for Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary
Facilities;

(c)

knowledge concerning
the logic, structure and operation of computer software programs which
Franchisor authorizes for use in connection with the operation of Krispy
Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities, and all additions, modifications
and enhancements, and all data generated from use of such
programs;

(d)

specifications and
standards for, and sources of, buildings, equipment, furnishings,
fixtures, signs, products, materials, supplies, and services utilized in
the development and operation of Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary
Facilities;

(e)

ingredients, formulas,
mixes, recipes for and methods of preparation, cooking, serving,
packaging, and delivery of the Products;

(f)

information concerning
sales, operating results, financial performance, consumer preferences,
inventory requirements, materials and supplies, and other financial data
of Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities, and customer
lists;

(g)

current and concluded
research, development and test programs for products, services and
operations for use in Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary
Facilities;

(h)

the contents of any
System Standards Manuals, System Standards, and site selection criteria;
and

(i)

employee training, and
staffing levels.

Development Agreement
– If applicable, the Krispy Kreme
Doughnut Corporation Development Agreement pursuant to which Franchisor
has granted Franchisee the right to develop Krispy Kreme Stores and
Commissary Facilities in the Development Area and pursuant to which this
Agreement has been executed.
Development Area – If applicable, the geographic area in which Franchisee
has the right to develop Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities, as
set forth in the Development Agreement.
Factory Store – A retail sales facility with the manufacturing
capability to produce fresh doughnuts in accordance with System Standards.
Additionally, Factory Stores may have some capacity to supply fresh
doughnuts to Hot Shops and Fresh Shops/Kiosks.
Force Majeure – Any of the following events or circumstances: (a) fire,
earthquake, storm, hurricane, tornado, flood or other act of God; (b) war,
act of terrorism, insurrection, rebellion, riots or other civil unrest;
(c) epidemics, quarantine restrictions or other public health restrictions
or advisories; and (d) other similar events beyond the reasonable control
of the party.
2

Franchise – The rights granted and the obligations imposed pursuant
to this Agreement that relate to the development and operation of the
Krispy Kreme Store at the Site.
Franchise
Agreement – An agreement, such as this
Agreement, used by Franchisor to grant franchises for the operation of
Krispy Kreme Stores at specific locations (including all exhibits, riders,
guarantees and other agreements used in connection therewith).
Franchise Application –
The application submitted by Franchisee
for the Franchise.
Franchise Disclosure Document
–
The franchise disclosure document
required by applicable law.
Franchisee – As defined in the Basic Terms.
Franchisor – As defined in the Basic Terms.
Fresh Shop/Kiosk –
A retail sales facility with limited
manufacturing capabilities (e.g. icing and filling equipment), or no
manufacturing capabilities, that receives doughnuts from a Factory Store
or a Commissary Facility and finishes them as necessary to sell in
accordance with System Standards.
Fundraising – Sales of doughnuts, redemption cards, or coupons to
charitable, educational, and other nonprofit organizations restricted to
those located within the STORE’s local market area (as Franchisor may
determine from time to time) for resale (or giving) to
consumers.
General Manager – The general manager of the STORE. The initial general
manager is identified in the Basic Terms.
Good Standing – The condition that Franchisee and its Affiliates: (a)
are current with all payments due to Franchisor, its Affiliates and
suppliers; and (b) are not in default of any of their obligations under
this Agreement, any Development Agreement (including any Development
Schedule), any Franchise Agreement, any Commissary Facility Agreement or
any other agreement between the parties hereto or any of their
Affiliates.
Hot Shop – A retail sales facility with an impinger oven and
limited manufacturing capabilities (e.g., icing and filling equipment)
that receives doughnuts from a Factory Store or a Commissary Facility and
finishes them as necessary to sell in accordance with System
Standards.
Immediate Family – The spouse, parents, brothers, sisters and children,
whether natural or adopted, of the referenced Person.
Initial Franchise
Fee – As defined in Section
13.1
Krispy Kreme
Store(s) – Stores which Franchisor or any
of its Affiliates own, operate or franchise and which use the Marks and
the System. Krispy Kreme Stores include Factory Stores, Hot Shops and
Fresh Shops/Kiosks, but do not include Commissary Facilities.
Managing Director – The person designated as managing director of
Franchisee’s business pursuant to Section 20.2 . The initial
Managing Director is identified in the Basic Terms.
Marks – The current and future trademarks, service marks,
logos, designs, trade names, and other commercial symbols, together with
all distinctive trade dress elements, or combinations thereof, used by
Franchisor to identify the sources of goods and services offered and sold
at Krispy Kreme Stores, including the trademark and service mark KRISPY
KREME ® .
Net Sales – All the STORE’s revenue from food, beverages, and other
products and merchandise of any type whatsoever sold, whether or not
produced at the STORE or acquired from a third party, including Products
purchased from other Krispy Kreme franchises (regardless whether owned by
Franchisee) and services rendered at or away from the STORE (whether or
not such sales are authorized by Franchisor) or from any use of the Marks,
recorded using the accrual basis of accounting and otherwise in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Without limiting the foregoing, and for
3

the avoidance of doubt, “Net Sales”
(a) includes all amounts Franchisee receives or has the right to receive
from the conveyance of products and services, whether such sales are made
for cash or cash equivalents (including credit, debit and gift cards) or
on credit terms, but excludes (i) sales and similar taxes collected or
which Franchisee has the right to collect from customers and which
Franchisee is required by law to remit to a taxing authority, (ii)
customer refunds, (iii) credits for product returns and (iv) sales or
delivery of products to other Krispy Kreme Stores or Commissary Facilities
(regardless whether owned by Franchisee), and (b) shall not be reduced by
any charge or other provision for uncollectible accounts. Neither the
inclusion of any type of revenue in the definition of Net Sales nor
Franchisor’s demand or receipt of Royalties or Brand Fund contributions on
such revenues shall constitute waiver or approval of any unauthorized
sales by Franchisee hereunder, and Franchisor reserves all rights and
remedies with respect thereto.
On-Premises Sales – Sales conducted on-premises to retail customers
visiting the STORE.
Owner – Each Person (and permitted transferee of each such Person)
holding: (a) a direct or indirect, legal or beneficial Ownership Interest
or voting rights in Franchisee or any Affiliate of Franchisee that owns an
Ownership Interest or voting rights in Franchisee; (b) a direct or
indirect, legal or beneficial interest in this Agreement; (c) a direct or
indirect, legal or beneficial interest in the STORE; or (d) any other
legal or equitable interest, or the power to vest in himself or herself or
itself any legal or equitable interest, in the revenue, profits, rights or
assets arising from any of the foregoing.
Ownership
Interest – Any direct or indirect, legal
or beneficial ownership interest of any type, including (a) in relation to
a corporation, the ownership of shares in the corporation; (b) in relation
to a partnership, the ownership of a general or limited partnership
interest; (c) in relation to a limited liability company, the ownership of
a membership interest; or (d) in relation to a trust, the ownership of a
legal or beneficial interest of such trust.
Payment Day – The day of the Week on which Royalties are due, which
day currently is Friday, but may be changed at Franchisor’s sole
discretion.
Person –
Any individual, corporation, limited liability company, general or
limited partnership, unincorporated association, cooperative or other
legal or functional entity.
Principal Owner – An Owner with an Ownership Interest in Franchisee of
ten percent (10%) or more.
Products – The current and future products that Franchisor
authorizes to be offered and sold at Krispy Kreme Stores, including (a)
fresh doughnuts (including, yeast-raised doughnuts, cake doughnuts,
miniature doughnuts, and doughnut holes, which doughnuts have various
types and flavors of fillings, glazes, or other coatings); (b) hot or cold
fresh-brewed coffee beverages suitable for immediate consumption; (c) hot
or cold espresso drinks suitable for immediate consumption; (d) frozen
beverages suitable for immediate consumption; and (e) such other products
and beverages as we may determine from time to time.
Reporting Day – The day of the Week by which Franchisee is required
to report Net Sales to Franchisor, which day currently is Tuesday, but may
be changed at Franchisor’s sole discretion.
Restricted Person – Franchisee, its Owners and Affiliates, and members of
the Immediate Families of Franchisee (if a natural Person), and its Owners
and Affiliates.
Royalties – As set forth in Section 13 .
Site – The location of the STORE with the street address identified in
the Basic Terms.
STORE – The Krispy Kreme Store of the type identified in the Basic Terms
that Franchisor authorizes Franchisee to operate at the Site pursuant to
this Agreement. The term includes all of the assets of the STORE,
including its revenue and income.
System – Those business formats, methods, procedures, signs,
designs, layouts, equipment, and mixes designated by Franchisor from time
to time for use in operating Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary
Facilities.
4

System Standards –
The mandatory and suggested
specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules that Franchisor
prescribes from time to time for the operation of Krispy Kreme Stores and
Commissary Facilities, including the standards, specifications and other
requirements related to the purchase, preparation, marketing and sale of
the Products; On-Premises Sales, Authorized Off-Premises Sales; customer
service; the design, décor and appearance of the STORE; the maintenance
and remodeling of the STORE and the equipment, fixtures and furnishings
therein; the use and display of the Marks; the insurance coverage required
to be carried for the STORE; the training of STORE employees; the days and
hours of STORE operation; and the content, quality and use of advertising
and promotional materials.

System Standards
Manuals – The documents and other media
that contain the System Standards.

Term –
As defined in the Basic
Terms.

Transfer
or Transfer the Franchise (or
similar words) – The direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer,
exchange, conversion, license, sublicense, lease, sublease, mortgage,
pledge, collateral assignment, grant of a security, collateral or
conditional interest or other encumbrance in or on, or other disposition,
whether voluntary, involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, of this
Agreement, of any interest in or right under this Agreement, any form of
legal or beneficial ownership interest in Franchisee, or any form of
ownership interest or right to participate in or receive the benefits of
the assets, revenues, income or profits of Franchisee’s business, or any
one or more other acts or events not covered by the foregoing that
Franchisor reasonably determines to be a form of direct or indirect
transfer, including: (a) any transfer, redemption or issuance of a legal
or beneficial ownership interest in the capital stock of, a membership
interest in, or a partnership interest in, Franchisee or any interest
convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock of, a membership
interest in or a partnership interest in, Franchisee; (b) any merger or
consolidation of Franchisee, whether or not Franchisee is the surviving
entity, or any conversion of Franchisee from one form of legal entity into
another form of legal entity, or any sale, exchange, encumbrance or other
disposition of Franchisee’s assets; (c) any transfer in connection with or
as a result of a divorce, dissolution of marriage or similar proceeding or
a property settlement or legal separation agreement in the context of a
divorce, dissolution or marriage or similar proceeding, an insolvency,
bankruptcy or assignment for benefit of creditors, a judgment, a
corporate, limited liability company or partnership dissolution or
otherwise by operation of law; or (d) any transfer by gift, declaration of
trust, transfer in trust, revocation of trust, trustee succession, trust
termination, discretionary or mandatory trust distribution, occurrence of
any event ( e.g ., death of a person) that affects or ripens the rights
of contingent beneficiaries, exercise of a power of appointment, exercise
of a withdrawal right, adjudication of Franchisee or any Principal Owner
as legally disabled, or upon or after Franchisee’s death or the death of
any of Franchisee’s Principal Owners by will, disclaimer or the laws of
intestate succession or otherwise.

Week
– Any consecutive seven (7) calendar
day period that Franchisor may designate from time to time, currently
consisting of each seven (7) calendar day period ending at 11:59 PM on
each Sunday.

2.2

Other terms used in
this Agreement are defined in the context in which they
arise.

3.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS,
REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES

3.1

Franchisee
acknowledges that Franchisee has read this Agreement and Franchisor’s
Franchise Disclosure Document and understands and accepts the terms and
conditions contained in this Agreement as being reasonably necessary to
maintain Franchisor’s high standards of quality and service. Franchisee
further acknowledges that the uniformity of those standards at each Krispy
Kreme Store is reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the goodwill
of the Marks. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisee has conducted an
independent investigation of the business venture contemplated by this
Agreement and recognizes that, like any other business, the nature of the
business conducted by a Krispy Kreme Store may evolve and change over
time, that an investment in a Krispy Kreme Store involves business risks,
and that Franchisee’s business abilities and efforts are vital to the
success of the venture. Any information Franchisee acquires from other
Krispy Kreme Store franchisees relating to their sales, profits, or cash
flows does not constitute information obtained from Franchisor, nor does
Franchisor make any representation as
5

to the accuracy of any
such information or the likelihood of Franchisee achieving comparable
results. Franchisee acknowledges that, in all of its dealings with
Franchisor, Franchisor’s officers, directors, employees and agents act
only in a representative, and not in an individual, capacity. All business
dealings between Franchisee and such Persons in connection with this
Agreement are solely between Franchisee and Franchisor. Franchisee further
acknowledges that Franchisor has advised Franchisee to have this Agreement
reviewed and explained to Franchisee by an attorney.

3.2

Franchisee represents
and warrants to Franchisor, as an inducement to Franchisor’s entry into
this Agreement, that all statements Franchisee has made and all materials
Franchisee has submitted to Franchisor in connection with Franchisee’s
Franchise Application for and purchase of the Franchise are accurate and
complete and that Franchisee has made no misrepresentations or material
omissions to obtain the Franchise. Franchisor has approved Franchisee’s
Franchise Application for a franchise for a Krispy Kreme Store in reliance
on each of Franchisee’s representations to Franchisor.

3.3

Franchisee represents
and warrants to Franchisor that Franchisee has the authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and to perform Franchisee’s obligations
hereunder.

3.4

Franchisee represents
and warrants to Franchisor that this Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Franchisee and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Franchisor, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation
of Franchisee, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

3.5

Franchisee represents
and warrants to Franchisor that Franchisee’s execution and delivery of
this Agreement does not, and Franchisee’s performance of its obligations
under this Agreement will not, with or without the giving of notice or the
lapse of time or both, (a) conflict with or violate its organizational
documents, if applicable, (b) conflict with or violate any law, statute,
ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to
Franchisee, or (c) conflict with, result in any breach of, or constitute a
default under, any contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise
or other instrument or obligation to which Franchisee is a party or by
which Franchisee is bound.

3.6

Franchisee represents
and warrants to Franchisor that: (a) Franchisee owns fee simple title to
the real property and improvements which comprise the STORE; or (b) if
Franchisee holds a leasehold interest in the STORE, Franchisee has or will
have a binding and effective lease with a lease term (plus renewal
options) extending at least to the end of the Term and otherwise
conforming to Franchisor’s requirements in accordance with Section
7 .

3.7

If Franchisee is, or
at any time becomes, a business corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other legal entity, Franchisee and each of its
Principal Owners represent, warrant and agree that: (a) Franchisee is duly
organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of its
organization, and, if a foreign business corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other legal entity, Franchisee is duly qualified to
transact business in the state in which the STORE is located; (b)
Franchisee has the authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder; (c) true and complete copies of the
articles of incorporation, articles of organization, operating agreement
or principles, partnership agreement, bylaws, subscription agreements,
buy-sell agreements, voting trust agreements, trust agreements and all
other documents relating to Franchisee’s ownership, organization,
capitalization, management and control (“Organizational Documents”) shall
be promptly delivered to Franchisor for its approval, which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld; (d) any and all amendments, deletions and
additions to Franchisee’s Organizational Documents shall be promptly
delivered to Franchisor for its approval, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld; (e) Franchisee’s activities are restricted to those
necessary solely for the development, ownership and operation of Krispy
Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities in accordance with this Agreement
and in accordance with any other agreements entered into with Franchisor
or any of its Affiliates; (f) the Organizational Documents recite that the
issuance, transfer or pledge of any direct or indirect legal or beneficial
ownership interest is restricted by the terms of this Agreement; (g) all
certificates representing direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership
interests now or hereafter issued must bear a legend in conformity with
applicable law reciting or referring to such restrictions; and (h)
Franchisee will deliver to Franchisor a Secretary/Clerk’s/Trustee’s
Certificate
6

or other evidence satisfactory to
Franchisor that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and all other agreements and ancillary documents contemplated hereby or
thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action by the
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity,
as applicable, and are within the legal powers of Franchisee’s trustee, if
Franchisee is a trust.

3.8
     
Franchisee and each of its
Principal Owners represent, warrant, and agree that Exhibit A is
current, complete and accurate. Franchisee agrees that an updated
Exhibit A will be furnished promptly to Franchisor, so that
Exhibit A (as so revised and signed by Franchisee) is at all times
current, complete and accurate. Each person who is or becomes a Principal
Owner must execute an agreement in the form Franchisor prescribes,
undertaking to guarantee and be bound jointly and severally by the terms
of this Agreement, the current form of which is attached hereto as
Exhibit B . Each person who is or becomes an Owner, whether or not a
Principal Owner, must execute an agreement in the form Franchisor
prescribes, undertaking to be bound by the confidentiality and
non-competition covenants contained in this Agreement, the current form of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit C . Each Owner must be an
individual acting in his/her individual capacity, unless Franchisor waives
this requirement.

3.9

The provisions of Section
3 constitute continuing representations and warranties, and Franchisee
and Franchisee’s Principal Owners shall notify Franchisor immediately in
writing of the occurrence of any event or the development of any
circumstance that might render any of the foregoing representations and
warranties false, inaccurate or misleading.

4.

GRANT OF
FRANCHISE

4.1

Subject to the terms of and on
the conditions contained in this Agreement, Franchisor hereby grants to
Franchisee the right to operate the STORE during the Term and to use the
Marks and the System in the performance of Franchisee’s obligations under
this Agreement.

4.2

Franchisee will faithfully,
honestly, and diligently perform Franchisee’s obligations under this
Agreement. Franchisee will continuously exert its best efforts to promote
and enhance the operation of the STORE and to maximize the sale of
Products.

4.3

Franchisee may not operate the
STORE from any location other than the Site without Franchisor’s prior
written consent. If Franchisor consents to the relocation of the STORE,
Franchisor has the right to charge Franchisee for its expenses in
connection with the relocation.

4.4

Franchisee agrees that the STORE
will be under direct, on-premises management by a trained Managing
Director or General Manager or one of Franchisee’s other managers, all of
whom must have completed training to Franchisor’s
satisfaction.

4.5

Franchisee agrees that the STORE
will not be closed for five (5) or more consecutive days without
Franchisor’s prior written consent.

4.6

In addition to selling the
Products, Franchisee agrees to offer and sell such other goods and
services as Franchisor may require from time to time in Franchisor’s sole
discretion. Franchisee will not, however, sell anything at, from or in
connection with the STORE, other than the Products and other goods or
services Franchisor authorizes Franchisee to offer or sell.

4.7

Franchisee may engage only in
On-Premises Sales at and from the STORE and Authorized Off-Premises Sales,
and shall not engage in any other types of sales or distribution of
Products.

5.

FRANCHISOR’S RESERVATION OF
RIGHTS

5.1

Franchisor and its Affiliates
(and their respective successors and assigns, by purchase, merger,
consolidation or otherwise) retain all rights not expressly granted to
Franchisee in this Agreement, including those with respect to Krispy Kreme
Stores and Commissary Facilities, the Marks, and the sale of Products,
including all rights Franchisor expressly reserves in this Section
5 . Franchisee waives, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law, all claims, demands or causes of action arising from or related to
any of such activities by Franchisor or any of its
Affiliates.
7

5.2
     
No exclusive
territory, protection, or other right in the contiguous space, area, or
market of the STORE is expressly or impliedly granted to Franchisee under
this Agreement, and Franchisor reserves the right to operate and to grant
others the right to operate Krispy Kreme Stores at any location on such
terms and conditions as it deems appropriate. Franchisee acknowledges and
agrees that such Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities may be in
direct competition with the STORE, without regard to any adverse effect on
the STORE and without any obligation or liability to
Franchisee.

5.3

Franchisor reserves
the right to acquire, develop, and operate, or be acquired by, any
company, including a company operating one or more food service businesses
(including food service businesses selling doughnuts or
coffee).

5.4

Franchisor reserves
the right to license, sample, sell, or market by any means whatsoever
(including the Internet) the Products and any goods or services identified
by the Marks. Such goods and services may be licensed, sampled, sold, or
marketed in any and all locations and venues, and through any method or
channel of distribution Franchisor deems appropriate in its sole
discretion (including wholesale distribution of Products to supermarkets,
grocery stores, convenience stores, and other retail outlets). Such sales
may be in direct competition with the STORE, without regard to any adverse
effect on the STORE and without any obligation or liability to
Franchisee.

6.

SITE
SELECTION

6.1

Franchisee
acknowledges that, prior to signing this Agreement, Franchisee (with or
without Franchisor assistance) located, and Franchisor approved, the Site.
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor’s recommendation or
approval of the Site, and any information regarding the Site communicated
to Franchisee, do not constitute any acknowledgement, warranty or
representation of any kind, express or implied, including any warranty or
representation as to the potential access, visibility or profitability of
a Krispy Kreme Store at that Site, or for any other purpose. Franchisor’s
approval of the Site merely signifies that Franchisor is willing to grant
a Franchise for a Krispy Kreme Store at that location. Application of
criteria that have appeared effective with respect to other sites may not
accurately reflect the potential for all sites, and, after Franchisor’s
approval of a site, demographic and/or other factors included in or
excluded from Franchisor’s criteria could change, thereby altering the
potential of a site. The uncertainty and instability of such criteria are
beyond Franchisor’s control, and Franchisor will not be responsible for
the failure of a site Franchisor has recommended or approved to meet
expectations as to potential revenue or operational criteria. Neither
Franchisor’s approval of the Site nor any assistance Franchisor may give
Franchisee in identifying the Site, constitutes a warranty or
representation of any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability of
the proposed Site for a Krispy Kreme Store or for any other purpose.
Franchisee’s decision to develop and operate the STORE at the Site is
based solely on Franchisee’s own independent investigation of the
suitability of the Site for a Krispy Kreme Store.

6.2

Franchisee must also
cause to be prepared, and submit for approval by Franchisor, a site plan
and any modifications to Franchisor’s basic plans and specifications for
the STORE, including requirements for dimensions, exterior design,
materials, interior layout, equipment, fixtures, furniture, signs and
decorating. Franchisee understands that Franchisee may modify Franchisor’s
basic plans and specifications only to the extent required to comply with
applicable ordinances, building codes and permit requirements and only
with Franchisor’s prior written approval. Franchisor’s exercise of its
right to approve the Site layout, to approve any plans, to inspect the
construction or conversion of the STORE shall be solely for the purpose of
assuring compliance with the System Standards and shall not be construed
as any express or implied representation or warranty that the STORE
complies with any applicable laws, codes or regulations (including the
Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) or any other federal, state, or
local law or ordinance regulating standards for the access to, use of, or
modification of buildings for and by persons whose disabilities are
protected by law) or that the construction thereof is sound or free from
defects. Franchisor’s criteria for approval or disapproval do not
encompass technical, architectural or engineering considerations.
Franchisor shall have no liability or obligation with respect to the
construction or conversion of the STORE.
8

7.

LEASE OR
PURCHASE OF SITE

7.1
     
Franchisee
must lease, sublease or purchase the Site within one-hundred and eighty
(180) days after the date of Franchisor’s site acceptance letter.
Franchisor has the right to approve the terms of any lease, sublease or
purchase contract for the Site, and Franchisee agrees to deliver a copy to
Franchisor for Franchisor’s approval before Franchisee signs it.
Franchisee agrees that any lease or sublease for the Site must, in form
and substance satisfactory to Franchisor, (a) provide for notice to
Franchisor of Franchisee’s default under the lease or sublease and an
opportunity for Franchisor to cure such default; (b) require the lessor or
sublessor to disclose to Franchisor, on its request, sales and other
information furnished by Franchisee; (c) give Franchisor the right on any
termination or expiration (without renewal) of this Agreement to assume
the lease or sublease without the lessor’s or sublessor’s consent; (d)
give Franchisor the right to enter the STORE to remove signs and other
tangible property that embodies any of the Marks or that contains or
embodies patents owned by Franchisor or any of its Affiliates, and provide
that the lessor and/or sublessor relinquishes to Franchisor, on any
termination or expiration (without renewal) of this Agreement, any lien or
other ownership interest, whether by operation of law or otherwise, in and
to any tangible property, including any outdoor sign, that embodies any of
the Marks; and (e) require that the lessor and/or sublessor acknowledges
that Franchisor has no liability or obligation whatsoever under the lease
or sublease until and unless Franchisor assumes the lease or sublease on
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

Franchisee
may not execute a lease, sublease or purchase contract pertaining to the
Site for the STORE or any modification thereof without Franchisor’s
approval. Franchisor’s approval of the lease, sublease or purchase
contract does not constitute a warranty or representation of any kind,
express or implied, as to its fairness or suitability or as to
Franchisee’s ability to comply with its terms. Franchisor does not, by
virtue of approving the lease, sublease or purchase contract, assume any
liability or responsibility to Franchisee or to any third parties.
Franchisee must deliver a copy of the fully signed lease, sublease or
purchase contract to Franchisor within five (5) days after its
execution.

8.

STORE
DEVELOPMENT

8.1

Franchisee
is responsible for developing the STORE. In the System Standards Manuals,
Franchisor will furnish Franchisee with mandatory and suggested
specifications and layouts for a Krispy Kreme Store, including
requirements for dimensions, design, image, interior layout, decor,
equipment, fixtures, furnishings, construction materials, and signs.
Franchisee acknowledges that the System Standards Manuals do not contain
the requirements of any federal, state, or local law, code, ordinance or
regulation (including building codes, permit requirements, and regulations
and the ADA or similar rules governing accommodations for persons with
disabilities). Franchisee is obligated to have prepared all required
construction plans and specifications to suit the shape and dimensions of
the Site and to insure that such plans and specifications comply with all
applicable state, federal, and local laws, codes, ordinances, regulations
(including building codes, permit requirements, and regulations and the
ADA or similar rules governing accommodations for persons with
disabilities). Franchisee is obligated to submit construction plans and
specifications to Franchisor for approval before construction of the STORE
is commenced and, at Franchisor’s request, to submit all revised plans and
specifications during the course of such construction with “as built”
plans to be provided upon completion. Franchisor may be willing to assist
Franchisee in developing the STORE by recommending engineers and
architects and otherwise furnishing information to assist Franchisee in
developing the STORE in accordance with Franchisor’s
specifications.

8.2

Franchisee
agrees, at its own expense, to do the following with respect to developing
the STORE at the Site:

(a)

secure all financing
required to develop and operate the STORE;

(b)

obtain all building,
utility, sign, health, sanitation, business and other permits and licenses
required to construct and operate the STORE;

(c)
     
construct all required
improvements to the Site and decorate the STORE in compliance with plans
and specifications and designs Franchisor has
approved;
9

(d)

purchase or lease and install all
required equipment, fixtures, furnishings, and signs required for the
STORE; and

(e)
     
purchase an opening inventory of
authorized and approved materials and supplies, certain of which items
must be purchased from Franchisor, its Affiliates, or suppliers designated
by Franchisor, all as described in the System Standards
Manuals.

8.3

Franchisee acknowledges that
Franchisor is not responsible for, and shall have no liability for, the
architecture, design, engineering, or construction of the STORE, for the
STORE’s compliance with any federal, state, or local law (including the
ADA and any other federal, state or local law or ordinance regulating
standards for access to, use of the, or modification of buildings for and
by persons who are protected by law by virtue of such disability or whose
disabilities are otherwise recognized by law), for any errors, omissions
or discrepancies of any nature in any drawings or specifications with
respect to the STORE, or for any other matter relating to the development,
use or operation of the STORE, even if Franchisor assists in the
development of the STORE.

9.

BUILDING, EQUIPMENT, FIXTURES,
FURNISHINGS, SIGNS AND SUPPLIES

9.1

Franchisee acknowledges that the
Products, Marks, and System have established significant prestige and
goodwill and are well-recognized in the mind of the public and the trade.
In order to preserve such prestige and goodwill, Franchisee understands
and agrees that it is necessary and appropriate for Franchisor to closely
control the supply chain for all equipment (including production equipment
and fixtures, cash register, POS system and computer), fixtures,
furnishings, signs, delivery vehicles, raw materials (including doughnut
mixes and coffee beans), supplies, and any other items used or useful in
developing or operating the STORE or producing, marketing, or selling the
Products or other goods Franchisor requires Franchisee to
sell.

9.2

Franchisee agrees to use in
developing and operating the STORE (and producing, marketing, and selling
the Products and other goods Franchisor requires Franchisee to sell) only
the equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, delivery vehicles, raw
materials, supplies, cash register, POS system, and computers and other
items that Franchisor has approved from time to time for Franchisee to use
in conjunction with the STORE as meeting its specifications and standards
for quality, design, appearance, function and performance in accordance
with the System Standards. Any deviation from Franchisor’s mandatory
specifications and standards as prescribed by the System Standards must
receive prior written approval from Franchisor. Approval of any item for
use by Franchisor, its Affiliates, or other developers or franchisees will
not be construed as approval of such item for Franchisee’s
use.

9.3

Notwithstanding Section
9.2 , Franchisor may require Franchisee to purchase any or all of the
equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, delivery vehicles, raw materials,
supplies, and other items for the STORE directly from Franchisor or its
Affiliates or other suppliers it may designate from time to time.
Franchisee agrees to purchase all such items from Franchisor, its
Affiliates or designated suppliers, as Franchisor may require. Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor, its Affiliates and designated
suppliers have the right to profit from the sale of such items and that
Franchisor does not act as agent, representative or in any other
intermediary or fiduciary capacity for Franchisee in Franchisor’s
relationship with any designated suppliers. Franchisee acknowledges and
agrees that (a) Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may receive payments,
fees, commission or reimbursements from designated suppliers and third
parties in respect to such purchases, (b) Franchisor and/or its Affiliates
may have investments in designated suppliers, and (c) Franchisor and/or
its Affiliates may profit from Franchisee’s purchases from designated
suppliers. Franchisor, its Affiliates and designated suppliers shall not
be liable for any delay in the delivery of ingredients as a result of any
Force Majeure. Franchisor, its Affiliates and designated suppliers may
establish policies and procedures from time to time for the allocation and
distribution of items among Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary
Facilities.
10

9.4
     
All equipment
(including production equipment), fixtures, furnishings, raw materials
(including doughnut mixes and coffee beans) that Franchisee purchases from
Franchisor, its Affiliates or designated suppliers shall be at such prices
and on such purchase terms (including credit, such as COD, and shipping)
and conditions as Franchisor, its Affiliates or designated suppliers may
determine from time to time. EXCEPT AS
OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ANY PURCHASE ORDER ISSUED BY FRANCHISOR OR
ITS AFFILIATES OR DESIGNATED SUPPLIERS, NEITHER FRANCHISOR, ANY OF ITS
AFFILIATES NOR ANY DESIGNATED SUPPLIER MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR
REPRESENTATION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT ANY ITEMS FRANCHISEE IS
REQUIRED TO PURCHASE FROM ANY OF THEM. NEITHER FRANCHISOR, ANY OF ITS
AFFILIATES NOR ANY DESIGNATED SUPPLIER WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH
ANY SUCH ITEMS, INCLUDING FRANCHISEE’S PURCHASE, USE OR RESALE OF ANY SUCH
ITEMS.

9.5

In the event
Franchisor does not require Franchisee to purchase a particular item from
Franchisor, its Affiliates, or a designated supplier, Franchisee may
purchase such item from a supplier Franchisor has approved. If Franchisee
proposes to purchase any such item from any supplier who is not then
approved by Franchisor, Franchisee and the proposed supplier must submit
to Franchisor all information that Franchisor may request in order to
determine whether to approve the supplier. Franchisor will have the
unconditional right to approve or disapprove any proposed supplier, and
Franchisor may approve a supplier conditionally. Within thirty (30) days
after Franchisor receives all requested information, Franchisor will
communicate to Franchisee in writing Franchisor’s decision to approve or
disapprove Franchisee’s proposed supplier. Franchisor will evaluate
proposed suppliers on their ability to comply with applicable standards,
specifications and procedures, and Franchisor will only approve those
proposed suppliers that meet Franchisor’s high standards. Franchisor may
disapprove any supplier who Franchisor previously approved, and Franchisee
may not, after receipt of notice of disapproval, reorder from any supplier
Franchisor has disapproved. Franchisor may prescribe procedures for the
submission of requests for approval and impose obligations on approved
suppliers, which will be incorporated in a written license agreement with
the supplier. Franchisor may obtain from Franchisee and/or such approved
suppliers reimbursement of Franchisor’s reasonable costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the approval process of the supplier’s
compliance with Franchisor’s requirements. Franchisee acknowledges and
agrees that Franchisor does not act as agent, representative or in any
other intermediary or fiduciary capacity for Franchisee in Franchisor’s
relationship with approved suppliers. Franchisor may impose limits on the
number of approved suppliers. Franchisor has the right to monitor the
quality of services provided by approved suppliers in a manner Franchisor
deems appropriate and may terminate any approved supplier that does not
meet Franchisor’s quality standards and specifications, as may be in
effect from time to time.

9.6

Franchisee agrees to
place or display at the Sites (interior and exterior) only such signs,
emblems, lettering, logos, and display materials that Franchisor approves
from time to time.

10.

COMPUTER
SYSTEM

10.1

Franchisee agrees to
use in the development and operation of the STORE the POS, cash
register/computer terminals and operating software (“Computer System”)
that Franchisor specifies from time to time. Franchisee agrees to install
and use at the STORE the Computer System that Franchisor specifies from
time to time and to transmit to Franchisor (and otherwise permit
Franchisor to collect) in the form and at frequencies it specifies from
time to time, electronic information from the Computer System. Franchisee
also agrees to identify Product categories and other items in the Computer
System in a form that Franchisor specifies. Franchisee agrees to install
and maintain at the STORE a DSL or cable modem, or similar means of
networking, and dedicated line that Franchisor may use to access sales
information and other data on the Computer System. Franchisee is
responsible for maintaining a secure network environment consistent with
this Agreement and all applicable legal
requirements.
11

10.2
     
Franchisee acknowledges that
Franchisor has developed specifications for certain components of the
Computer System and may modify such specifications and the components of
the Computer System from time to time. As part of the Computer System,
Franchisor may require Franchisee to obtain specified computer hardware
and/or software, including a license to use proprietary software developed
by Franchisor or others. Franchisor’s modification of such specifications
for the components of the Computer System may require Franchisee to incur
costs to purchase, lease and/or license new or modified computer hardware
and/or software and to obtain service and support for the Computer System
during the term of this Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor
cannot estimate the future costs of the Computer System (or additions or
modifications thereto) and that the cost to Franchisee of obtaining the
Computer System (including software licenses) (or additions or
modification thereto) may not be fully amortizable over the remaining term
of this Agreement. Within sixty (60) days after Franchisee receives notice
from Franchisor, Franchisee agrees to obtain the components of the
Computer System that Franchisor designates and requires.

10.3

Franchisee further acknowledges
and agrees that Franchisor has the right to charge a reasonable systems
fee for software or systems, modifications and enhancements specifically
made for Franchisor that are licensed to Franchisee and other maintenance
and support services that Franchisor or its Affiliates furnish to
Franchisee related to the Computer System.

11.

STORE OPENING

11.1

Franchisee agrees not to open the
STORE for business until:

(a)

Franchisor approves the STORE and
site plan as developed in accordance with Franchisor’s specifications and
System Standards;

(b)

All required training has been
completed to Franchisor’s satisfaction;

(c)
     
Franchisee is in compliance with
all Franchise Agreements, Development Agreements, and Commissary Facility
Agreements, including the payment of the Initial Franchise Fee and all
other amounts then due to Franchisor;

(d)

Franchisor has been furnished
with copies of all insurance policies required by this Agreement, or such
other evidence of insurance coverage and payment of premiums as Franchisor
requests or accepts; and

(e)

Other items which Franchisor may
reasonably require have been furnished to Franchisor.

11.2

Franchisee must properly staff
the STORE prior to opening. Franchisor will supply at no charge an opening
team that will assist Franchisee for a minimum of seven (7) days in the
opening of the STORE. However, if Franchisee is developing several Krispy
Kreme Stores or Commissary Facilities pursuant to a Development Agreement,
this team will be made available at no charge for the first Krispy Kreme
Store or Commissary Facility, one-half of a team will be made available at
no charge for the second Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility, a
field consultant will be made available at no charge for the third Krispy
Kreme Store or Commissary Facility and a field consultant may or may not
be made available at no charge for any subsequent Krispy Kreme Stores or
Commissary Facilities, at Franchisor’s sole discretion. “No charge” means
Franchisor will be responsible for the team’s travel, room and board, and
salaries, but Franchisee will be responsible for all other charges or
expenses.

12.

CAPITAL
IMPROVEMENTS

12.1

In addition to the requirements
of Section 10 pertaining to the Computer System, Franchisor may,
from time to time, require Franchisee to make certain capital improvements
with respect to developing or operating the STORE, including: (a) the
acquisition of new equipment (whether for the Products or other goods
Franchisor requires Franchisee to sell or otherwise), fixtures,
furnishings, signs, delivery vehicles, or other fixed assets; (b) periodic
remodeling; and (c) replacement of obsolete or worn-out improvements,
equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, delivery vehicles, or other fixed
assets (“Capital Improvements”).
12

Franchisee agrees to make such Capital
Improvements as Franchisor may specify from time to time in Franchisor’s
sole discretion. Franchisee agrees not to make any modifications to any
required Capital Improvements without Franchisor’s prior written approval.
Franchisee further agrees that all intellectual property rights to any
such Capital Improvements, if applicable, will be the exclusive property
of Franchisor or its Affiliates.

13.

INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE AND
ROYALTIES

13.1
     
Concurrently with the signing of
this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to pay Franchisor a nonrecurring initial
franchise fee in the amount specified in the Basic Terms (“Initial
Franchise Fee”). The Initial Franchise Fee is fully-earned,
non-refundable, and payable to Franchisor on the Effective
Date.

13.2

On or before the Payment Day each Week,
Franchisee will pay Franchisor an amount equal to four and one-half
percent (4.5%) of Net Sales (“Royalties”) for the preceding Week, provided
however, Royalties on Authorized Off-Premises Sales shall be the following
percentages of Net Sales: three and one half (3 ½ %)
of Net Sales incurred during 2008; two and one-half percent (2
½ %) of Net Sales incurred during 2009; and one percent
(1%) of Net Sales incurred during 2010 and thereafter. On or before the
Reporting Day each Week, Franchisee will report to Franchisor, in the form
it may require from time to time, the true and correct Net Sales of the
STORE for the preceding Week.

13.3

Franchisee agrees to give Franchisor
authorization, in the form that Franchisor designates from time to time
(the current from is attached as Exhibit D ), for direct debits
from, or credits to, the Account. Franchisee shall not close the Account
(or allow the Account to be closed) without first opening and notifying
Franchisor of an alternate Account, nor shall Franchisee terminate any
direct debit authorization from the Account without a replacement
authorization approved by Franchisor. Franchisee hereby authorizes
Franchisor to initiate debit entries and/or credit entries to the Account
for payments of Royalties and other amounts payable under this Agreement,
including purchases for production equipment, fixtures, furnishings,
doughnut mixes and other ingredients, packaging and all supplies purchased
from Franchisor and any interest charges due thereon. Franchisee agrees to
make the funds available in the Account for withdrawal no later than the
due date for payment. The amount actually transferred from the Account to
pay Royalties will be based on the STORE’s Net Sales reported to
Franchisor or determined by Franchisor from the records contained in the
cash register/computer terminals of the STORE. If Franchisee has not
reported Net Sales of the STORE to Franchisor for any reporting period as
required above, Franchisee hereby authorizes Franchisor to debit the
Account in an estimated amount based on prior reports of Net
Sales.

13.4

If at any time Franchisor determines that
Franchisee has under-reported the Net Sales of the STORE, or underpaid
Royalties or any other amounts due to Franchisor under this Agreement,
Franchisee hereby authorizes Franchisor to initiate immediately a debit to
the Account in the appropriate amount, including interest as provided for
in this Agreement. Any overpayment will be credited to the Account through
a credit effective as of the first reporting date after Franchisor and
Franchisee determine that such credit is due.

13.5

All amounts that Franchisee owes Franchisor
will bear interest after their due date at the rate of one and one-half
percent (1.5%) per month or the highest contract rate of interest
permitted by law, whichever is less. Franchisee acknowledges that this
Section does not constitute Franchisor’s agreement to accept any payments
after they are due or Franchisor’s commitment to extend credit to, or
otherwise finance Franchisee’s operation of, the STORE. Franchisee’s
failure to pay all amounts when due constitutes a material breach and
grounds for termination of this Agreement, as provided in Section
26 hereof, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section
13.5 .

13.6

Notwithstanding any designation Franchisee
might make, Franchisor has sole discretion to apply any of Franchisee’s
payments to any of its past due indebtedness to Franchisor in any
sequence. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee has no right
to set off any amounts that Franchisee claims Franchisor owes Franchisee
against Royalties, Brand Fund contributions, payments for purchases, or
any other amounts Franchisee owes Franchisor under this Agreement or
otherwise.
13

14.

TRAINING AND
GUIDANCE

14.1
     
Before the STORE
begins operating, Franchisor will furnish training on the operation of a
Krispy Kreme Store as follows. Franchisor will furnish a training program
for up to two (2) STORE managers furnished at Franchisor’s designated
training facility and/or at an operating Krispy Kreme Store, at
Franchisor’s discretion. The STORE managers are required to complete
training to Franchisor’s satisfaction. Although Franchisor will furnish
training to these managers of the STORE at no additional fee or other
charge, Franchisee will be responsible for the managers’ wages, salaries,
travel, room and board, and living expenses during training. Franchisee
agrees to replace a manager immediately if Franchisor determines that he
or she is not qualified to serve in this capacity at the STORE. Franchisor
will furnish the same training program to one (1) additional manager of
the STORE per year that Franchisee hires after the STORE is open, without
fee or other charge, subject to the schedules for the training program in
effect from time to time. Franchisee will be responsible for the managers’
wages, salaries, travel, room and board, and living expenses during
training.

14.2

Franchisor may require
managers of the STORE to attend and successfully complete periodic or
additional training programs, and Franchisor may also offer optional
training programs. Except as provided in Section 14.1 , Franchisor
has the right to charge reasonable fees for providing any such initial,
periodic or additional training programs. Franchisee will be responsible
for the managers’ wages, salaries, travel, room and board, and living
expenses incurred by Franchisee and Franchisee’s personnel in attending
any training programs. Franchisee shall immediately replace any managers
who fail to successfully complete any training program.

14.3

Franchisor will
furnish Franchisee periodic guidance with respect to the System, including
improvements and changes to the System. Such guidance, at Franchisor’s
discretion, will be furnished in the form of the System Standards Manuals,
bulletins and other written materials, consultations by telephone or in
person at Franchisor’s offices or at the STORE, or by any other means of
communications. At Franchisee’s request, Franchisor may provide special
assistance for which Franchisee will be required to pay the fees and
charges Franchisor may establish from time to time. If Franchisee requests
or Franchisor requires additional or special training for Franchisee’s
employees, all of the expenses that Franchisor incurs in connection with
such training, including per diem charges and travel and living expenses
for Franchisor’s personnel, will be Franchisee’s
responsibility.

15.

SYSTEM
STANDARDS

15.1

Franchisor will loan
Franchisee one (1) copy of its System Standards Manuals solely for use in
operating the STORE during the Term. The System Standards Manuals at all
times will remain Franchisor’s property, and they are protected by
copyright. Franchisee will keep its copy of the System Standards Manuals
current and in a secure location at the STORE and shall return them to
Franchisor immediately upon request, upon termination, or expiration of
this Agreement or upon any Transfer. If any copies of the System Standards
Manuals in Franchisee’s possession are lost, destroyed or significantly
damaged, Franchisee will obtain a replacement copy at Franchisor’s then
applicable charge. Franchisee may not at any time copy, duplicate, record,
or otherwise reproduce any part of the System Standards Manuals or allow
any unauthorized persons access to any System Standards Manuals, including
those that are made available electronically, nor may Franchisee post all
or any part of the System Standards Manuals on any limited access intranet
sites without Franchisor’s approval. Franchisee may not distribute any
part of the System Standards Manuals and may not disclose any part of the
System Standards Manuals to any person, other than its employees who have
a need to know the contents of the System Standards Manuals in order to
perform their jobs.

15.2

During the Term,
Franchisee will comply with all of the System Standards and other
requirements contained in System Standards Manuals, in addition to all
applicable laws, regulations, rules, by-laws, orders and ordinances in
connection with its operation of the STORE. In the event of a dispute
relating to the contents of the System Standards Manuals, the master copy
of the System Standards Manuals maintained by Franchisor at its principal
office is controlling. Franchisor may at any time and from time to time
change the System Standards Manuals to reflect changes in System
Standards.
14

15.3
     
To determine whether
Franchisee is in compliance with this Agreement and all System Standards,
Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s agents have the right at any time during
regular business hours, and without prior notice to Franchisee, to: (a)
inspect the STORE; (b) observe, photograph and videotape the operations of
the STORE; (c) remove samples of any Products, materials or supplies for
testing and analysis; (d) interview personnel of the STORE; (e) interview
customers of the STORE and to require Franchisee to present to Franchisee
customers any evaluation forms periodically prescribed by Franchisor and
to participate in and/or request its customers to participate in any
surveys performed by or on behalf of Franchisor; and (f) inspect and copy
any books, records and documents relating to the operation of the
STORE.

16.

MARKS

16.1

Franchisee
acknowledges that HDN Development Corporation is the Owner of the Marks
and that Franchisor has the right to sublicense the use of the Marks.
Franchisee further acknowledges that Franchisee’s right to use the Marks
is derived solely from this Agreement and is limited to the performance of
Franchisee’s responsibilities and obligations hereunder in accordance with
the terms hereof. Franchisee acknowledges that its unauthorized use of any
of the Marks will constitute a material breach of this Agreement,
warranting immediate termination of this Agreement by Franchisor at
Franchisor’s election. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that its usage
of the Marks and any goodwill established thereby shall inure solely to
the benefit of the Owner of the Marks and that this Agreement does not
confer any goodwill or other interests in any of the Marks upon Franchisee
or Franchisee’s Owners (other than the rights specifically granted by this
Agreement). All provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Marks apply
to any additional trademarks, service marks, logos, trade dress and
commercial symbols Franchisor authorizes Franchisee to use. Franchisee may
not at any time during or after the Term contest, or assist any other
person in contesting, the validity or ownership of any of the
Marks.

16.2

Franchisee shall use
the Marks as the sole brand and other source identifier of the STORE,
provided Franchisee shall identify itself as the independent owner and
operator of the STORE in the manner Franchisor prescribes. Franchisee
shall use the Marks only as Franchisor prescribes or allows in writing,
whether in connection with the sale of Products and the operation of the
STORE, or otherwise.

16.3

Franchisee and
Franchisee’s Owners, affiliates and agents may not: (a) challenge the
validity of any of the Marks or any registration or application for
registration therefore, or attempt to claim ownership of or to register
anywhere any of the Marks or any derivation or colorable imitation
thereof; (b) attempt to claim ownership of or to register anywhere any
trademark, service mark, trade name, or trade dress confusingly similar to
any of the Marks; (c) use any of the Marks or any other trademark or trade
dress confusingly similar thereto in any manner that would jeopardize
Franchisor’s rights in the Marks; or (d) do any act that would invalidate
registration for any of the Marks. Franchisee may not use any of the Marks
as part of any corporate or legal business name or with any prefix, suffix
or other modifying words, terms, designs or symbols (other than logos
licensed to Franchisee hereunder), or in any modified form, nor may
Franchisee use any of the Marks in connection with the performance or sale
of any unauthorized products or services or in any other manner Franchisor
has not expressly authorized in writing. Franchisee agrees to display the
Marks prominently in the manner Franchisor prescribes, including at the
STORE, on packaging and serving materials that Franchisor designates and
in connection with forms and advertising and marketing materials.
Franchisee agrees to give such notices of trademark and service mark
registrations and such other trademark and service mark notices as
Franchisor specifies and to obtain any fictitious or assumed name
registrations required under applicable law.

16.4

Franchisee agrees to
notify Franchisor immediately of any apparent infringement of, or
challenge to, any of the Marks, or of any claim by any Person of any
rights in any of the Marks, and Franchisee agrees not to communicate with
any Person other than Franchisor, Franchisor’s attorneys and Franchisee’s
attorneys in connection with any such apparent infringement, challenge or
claim. Franchisor has sole discretion to take such action as Franchisor
deems appropriate and the right to control exclusively any litigation,
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding or any other proceeding
arising out of any such apparent infringement,
15

challenge or claim or
otherwise relating to any of the Marks, including the exclusive right to
utilize counsel of Franchisor’s choice to prosecute or defend any such
litigation or proceeding. Any award recovered in any such action or
proceeding shall belong exclusively to Franchisor, or, as appropriate,
Franchisor’s Affiliates. Franchisee agrees to sign any and all instruments
and documents, render such assistance and do such acts and things as, in
the opinion of Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s attorneys, may be necessary
or advisable to protect and maintain Franchisor’s interests in any
litigation or U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding or other
proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain Franchisor’s interests in
the Marks.

16.5

Franchisee may not
register, or attempt to register, any of the Marks as part of any Internet
domain name or URL, and may neither display nor use any of the Marks or
other of Franchisor’s or its Affiliates’ intellectual property in
connection with, or associate the System with (through a link or
otherwise) any website advertising, address or listing on the World Wide
Web or any other portion of the Internet without Franchisor’s prior
written consent.

16.6

Franchisee may not use
any of the Marks to incur any obligation or indebtedness on behalf of
Franchisor or its Affiliates.

16.7

Franchisee hereby
assigns to Franchisor all tangible media of expression derived from any of
the Marks, and agrees to execute such further assignments as Franchisor
may request. Franchisee shall take all actions and sign all documents
necessary to give effect to the purpose and intent of this Section
16 . Franchisee irrevocably appoints Franchisor as the true and lawful
attorney-in-fact for Franchisee and authorizes Franchisor to take such
actions and to execute, acknowledge and deliver all such documents as may
from time to time be necessary to convey to Franchisor all rights granted
by this Agreement.

16.8

Franchisor may, in its
sole discretion, modify or discontinue the use of any of the Marks and/or
to use one or more additional or substitute trademarks or service marks.
Franchisee agrees to comply with Franchisor’s directions with regard to
such modification, discontinuance, addition, or substitution of use of any
Mark. Franchisor will not be obligated to reimburse Franchisee for any
expense or loss of revenue related thereto.

16.9

Franchisee
acknowledges that the Marks have established prestige and goodwill and are
well recognized in the mind of the public and the trade, and that it is of
great importance to Franchisor that the high standards and reputation
symbolized by the Marks be maintained in the manufacture, marketing, and
sale of the various Products and other authorized goods bearing and
services utilizing the Marks. Accordingly, all items of Products
manufactured, marketed, or sold, and services rendered, by Franchisee
pursuant to this Agreement shall be of high quality as determined by
Franchisor in its sole discretion. They shall be suitable for the
exploitation of the Marks to the best advantage and the protection and
enhancement of the Marks and the goodwill associated therewith. Franchisor
shall have the right to, and shall, exercise quality control over
Franchisee’s use of the Marks to the degree reasonably necessary to
maintain the validity thereof and to protect the goodwill associated
therewith, including but not limited to the right to inspect and monitor
Franchisee’s use of the Marks in any manner and time prescribed by
Franchisor.

17.

CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION

17.1

Franchisor will
disclose to Franchisee such parts of the Confidential Information as
Franchisor deems necessary or advisable from time to time for the
performance of Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement. Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee and its Owners and Affiliates will
not acquire any interest in or right to use the Confidential Information,
other than the right to use it in the performance of Franchisee’s
obligations under this Agreement, and that the use or duplication of the
Confidential Information in any other business would constitute an unfair
method of competition with Franchisor and with other developers and
Franchisees of Krispy Kreme Stores. Franchisee agrees to disclose the
Confidential Information to Franchisee’s Owners and to Franchisee’s
employees only to the extent reasonably necessary for the performance of
Franchisee obligations under this Agreement. Franchisee’s Owners must
execute the form of Investor Personal Covenants Regarding Confidentiality,
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation attached hereto as Exhibit
C .
16

17.2
     
Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that the Confidential Information is confidential,
is Franchisor’s proprietary and valuable asset, includes trade secrets
owned by Franchisor and Franchisor Affiliates and is disclosed to
Franchisee solely on the condition that Franchisee, Franchisee’s Owners
and employees who have access to the Confidential Information agree, and
Franchisee agrees that, during and after the Term, Franchisee,
Franchisee’s Owners, Franchisee’s Affiliates and Franchisee’s
employees:

(a)

will not use
Confidential Information in any other business or capacity;

(b)

will maintain the
absolute confidentiality of Confidential Information during and after the
Term;

(c)

will not make
unauthorized copies of any portion of Confidential Information whether
through electronic media, writings, or other tangible or intangible means
of expression; and

(d)
     
will adopt and
implement all reasonable procedures that Franchisor prescribes from time
to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential
Information, including restrictions on disclosure thereof to STORE
personnel and others.

Without
limiting the foregoing, Franchisee, and each of its Owners, as applicable,
each (i) acknowledge the possibility that they may gain access to
Franchisor’s material non-public information and/or that of Franchisor’s
parent company, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. (“KKDI”), and that the
securities laws prohibit trading in KKDI securities while in possession of
such information, and (ii) agree to refrain from trading in KKDI
securities in violation of such laws.

17.3

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement and provided Franchisee has obtained Franchisor’s prior written
consent, the restrictions on Franchisee disclosure and use of the
Confidential Information will not apply to the following:

(a)

information, methods,
procedures, techniques and knowledge which are or become generally known
in the food service business, other than through disclosure (whether
deliberate or inadvertent) by Franchisee, Franchisee’s Owners, agents, or
employees; and

(b)

the disclosure of the
Confidential Information in judicial, arbitration or administrative
proceedings to the extent that Franchisee is legally compelled to disclose
such information, provided Franchisee has notified Franchisor prior to
such disclosure and has used Franchisee’s best efforts to obtain, and has
afforded Franchisor sufficient opportunity to seek an appropriate
protective order and obtain, assurances satisfactory to Franchisor of
confidential treatment for the information required to be so
disclosed.

18.

PATENTS
AND INVENTIONS

18.1

Franchisor
and/or its Affiliates have obtained certain patent protection and may seek
additional patent protections for other aspects of the System, the
Products, and/or other technology related to the development and operation
of Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities and the production,
marketing, and sale of the Products, or otherwise, including all
improvements thereto. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as
transferring ownership of any patents or patent applications from
Franchisor or its Affiliates to Franchisee. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed as transferring the right to sublicense any patents or
patent applications from Franchisor or its Affiliates to
Franchisee.

18.2

Franchisee
agrees to promptly disclose to Franchisor and/or its Affiliates, and
Franchisee agrees not to disclose to any other Person or permit any other
Person to use (absent Franchisor’s prior written consent), any and all
inventions (which term “inventions” includes any invention, idea, concept,
method, technique, material, design, discovery, know-how, development,
improvement, product, process, or innovation), including all improvements
thereto, which are developed by Franchisee, Franchisee’s Owners, or
Franchisee’s Affiliates, whether or not constituting protectable
intellectual property, which are in any way related to the System, the
Products, the development or operation of Krispy Kreme Stores or
Commissary Facilities, or the production, marketing, or sale of the
Products.
17

18.3
     
Franchisee hereby agrees to
assign, and does assign, to Franchisor and/or the Affiliates Franchisor
designates all right, title, and interest in any invention, patent
application, or patent conceived of or reduced to practice which is in any
way related to the System, the Products, the development or operation of
Krispy Kreme Stores or Commissary Facilities, or the production,
marketing, or sale of the Products. Franchisor will have no obligation to
make payments to Franchisee or any other Person with respect to any such
assignments. Franchisee agrees that all such inventions, patent
applications, and patents referenced above shall belong to Franchisor
and/or Franchisor’s Affiliates, and that all right, title, and interest
therein shall be the sole and exclusive property of Franchisor and/or
Franchisor’s Affiliates, except that Franchisee shall be entitled to use
all such inventions without charge by Franchisor in connection with this
Agreement for the Term.

18.4

Franchisee agrees to assist
Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s Affiliates in the evaluation and
documentation of any such inventions, patent applications, and patents
referred to above. Franchisee also agrees to assist Franchisor and/or
Franchisor’s Affiliates in the documentation of such assignment in any way
necessary to transfer such interest to Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s
Affiliates. Franchisee also agrees to assist Franchisor and/or
Franchisor’s Affiliates in obtaining and maintaining such interest,
including signing any declaration, patent application, assignment of
rights, power of attorney, or other documents in such form and substance
as Franchisor may require related to such invention or interest.
Franchisee further agrees to assist Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s
Affiliates in the protection and enforcement of any such interest,
including testifying in any court action brought to enforce, protect, or
defend such interest or invention.

19.

WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP AND
COPYRIGHTS

19.1

Franchisee agrees that all works
(defined herein as including works of authorship, works in any tangible
medium, writings, documents, and computer programs) authored, made, or
produced by Franchisee, Franchisee’s Owners, or Franchisee’s Affiliates
that are in any way related to the System, the Products, the development
or operation of Krispy Kreme Stores or Commissary Facilities, or the
production, marketing, or sale of the Products, whether or not such works
are copyrightable, are “works-made-for-hire” and that Franchisee will not
have, under this Agreement or otherwise, any right, title, or interest of
any kind or nature in and to such works, and that all rights therein are
the sole and exclusive property of Franchisor and/or its
Affiliates.

19.2

If any portion of any work
described above is not considered a work-made-for-hire for Franchisor or
its Affiliates, Franchisee hereby agrees to assign, and does assign, to
Franchisor and/or the Affiliates Franchisor designates, all right, title,
and interest in any work authored, made, or produced by Franchisee or its
Owners or Affiliates (whether alone or in conjunction with one or more
other persons) in the course of involvement with Franchisor under this
Agreement or otherwise relating to the System, the Products, the Marks,
the development or operation of Krispy Kreme Stores or Commissary
Facilities, or the production, marketing, or sale of the Products.
Franchisor will have no obligation to make payments to Franchisee or any
other Person with respect to any such assignment. Franchisee agrees that
all such works referenced above shall belong to Franchisor and/or its
Affiliates, and that all right, title, and interest therein, including any
copyrights, shall be the sole and exclusive property of Franchisor and/or
its Affiliates, except that Franchisee shall be entitled to use all such
works at the STORE (if authorized by Franchisor) without charge by
Franchisor.

19.3

Franchisee agrees to assist
Franchisor in the evaluation, documentation, and registration of any such
work described above. Franchisee also agrees to assist Franchisor in the
documentation of such assignment in any way necessary to transfer such
interest to Franchisor or its Affiliates. Franchisee also agrees to assist
Franchisor in obtaining and maintaining such interest, including signing
any assignment of rights, copyright application, power of attorney, or
other document in such form and substance as Franchisor may require
related to such work or interest. Franchisee further agrees to assist
Franchisor in the protection and enforcement of any such interest,
including testifying in any court action brought to enforce, protect, or
defend such work.
18

20.

EXCLUSIVE
RELATIONSHIP

20.1
     
Franchisee acknowledges
and agrees that Franchisor would be unable to (a) protect the Confidential
Information against unauthorized use or disclosure; (b) preserve the
prestige, integrity, and goodwill of the Products, Marks, and System; or
(c) encourage the free exchange of ideas and information among Krispy
Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities if franchisees and owners of Krispy
Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities or their owners were permitted to
engage in or benefit from certain competitive activities. Franchisee also
acknowledges that Franchisor has granted the franchise rights to
Franchisee in consideration of and reliance on Franchisee’s agreement that
Franchisee and its Owners will deal exclusively with Franchisor.
Therefore, except as expressly authorized by this Agreement or another
written agreement with Franchisor, Franchisee agrees that during the term
of this Agreement, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, neither
Franchisee, nor any other Restricted Person will:

(i)

have any Ownership Interest in a
Competitive Business;

(ii)

perform services as a director,
officer, manager, partner, or supervisory or management-level employee, of
any Competitive Business;

(iii)
     
perform services as an employee,
consultant, representative, agent or otherwise for a Competitive Business,
where such services (A) are substantially similar to those provided to
Franchisor or Franchisor Affiliates by Franchisee or the respective
Restricted Person; or (B) create a relationship between Franchisee or the
Restricted Person and such Competitive Business in which Franchisee or the
Restricted Person could be reasonably expected to benefit, either directly
or indirectly, whether financially or otherwise, from the disclosure of
any material Confidential Information to such Competitive
Business;

(iv)

recruit or hire any Person who is
Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any Krispy Kreme Store or
Commissary Facility, or who has been Franchisor’s employee or the employee
of any Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility within the past six (6)
months without obtaining prior written permission from Franchisor and that
Person’s employer. If Franchisor permits Franchisee to hire any such
Person, then Franchisee agrees to pay Franchisor a non-refundable
Management Development Fee in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars
($25,000) per hired employee as of the date of hire; or

(v)

induce or attempt to induce any
Person who is Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any Krispy Kreme
Store or Commissary Facility to discontinue working for Franchisor or such
Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility as the case may be.

20.2

At all times during the
Term, Franchisee will designate a Managing Director of its business
pursuant to this Agreement who shall complete Franchisor’s mandatory
training program to Franchisor’s satisfaction. The initial Managing
Director is identified in the Basic Terms. The Managing Director will use
his or her full-time efforts to fulfill Franchisee’s obligations under
this Agreement and under other Franchise Agreements and any Commissary
Facility Agreements, and will not directly or indirectly engage in any
other business or activity that requires any significant management
responsibility or time commitments, or that otherwise conflicts with
Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement. If the Managing Director is
terminated in that role, or if the Managing Director does not carry out
his or her responsibilities or otherwise perform in accordance with this
Agreement, Franchisee will promptly designate a replacement, and each such
replacement shall complete Franchisor’s mandatory training program to
Franchisor’s satisfaction.

21.

COMPLIANCE WITH
LAW

21.1

In operating the STORE,
Franchisee agrees to comply with all laws, including, but not limited to,
all federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, court
orders, and decrees. Franchisee agrees that its failure to comply with
these laws is a material breach and grounds for termination of this
Agreement.
19

21.2
     
Franchisee and Franchisee’s
Principal Owners represent and warrant to Franchisor that neither
Franchisee nor any Principal Owner is identified, either by name or an
alias, pseudonym or nickname, on the lists of “Specially Designated
Nationals” or “Blocked Persons” maintained by the U.S. Treasury
Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. Further, Franchisee and
Franchisee’s Principal Owners represent and warrant that neither has
violated and agree that neither will violate any law (in effect now or
which may become effective in the future) prohibiting corrupt business
practices, money laundering or the aid or support of persons or entities
who conspire to commit acts of terror against any person or government,
including acts prohibited by the U.S. Patriot Act, U.S. Executive Order
13244, or similar law.

22.

MARKETING AND
ADVERTISING

22.1

Franchisor has established a fund
(the “Brand Fund”) for the creation, production and/or implementation of
advertising, promotional, marketing, and public relations programs and
materials Franchisor deems appropriate. Franchisee agrees to contribute to
the Brand Fund amounts (as determined by Franchisor from time to time) not
more than one percent (1%) of the Net Sales of the STORE, payable by
electronic funds transfer in the same manner as the Royalties. Krispy
Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities located in the U.S. and owned or
operated by Franchisor shall contribute to the Brand Fund at least on the
same basis.

22.2

Franchisor will direct all
programs funded by the Brand Fund. Periodically, Franchisor may give
Franchisee, at no cost, samples of advertising, marketing, and promotional
formats and materials produced and funded by the Brand Fund. Franchisee
may purchase additional copies of these materials at cost.

22.3

The Brand Fund will be accounted
for separately from Franchisor’s other funds and will not be used to
defray any of its general operating expenses, except for reasonable
salaries, administrative costs and overhead Franchisor may incur in
activities related to the administration of the Brand Fund and its
programs, including conducting market research, preparing advertising and
marketing materials and collecting and accounting for contributions to the
Brand Fund. Franchisor may spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or
less than the aggregate contributions of all Krispy Kreme Stores and
Commissary Facilities to the Brand Fund in that year, and the Brand Fund
may borrow from Franchisor or other lenders to cover deficits in the Brand
Fund or cause the Brand Fund to invest any surplus for future use by the
Brand Fund.

22.4

Franchisor will prepare annually
a statement of monies collected and costs incurred by the Brand Fund and
furnish Franchisee a copy upon Franchisee’s written request. Except as
otherwise expressly provided in this Section 22 , Franchisor assumes
no direct or indirect liability or obligation with respect to the
maintenance, direction or administration of the Brand Fund. Franchisor
does not act as trustee or in any other fiduciary capacity with respect to
the Brand Fund.

22.5

Franchisor may operate the Brand
Fund through a separate entity whenever it deems appropriate. The
successor entity will have all of the rights and duties specified in
Sections 22.1 through 22.8 .

22.6

Franchisor cannot ensure that
Brand Fund expenditures in or affecting any geographic area are
proportionate or equivalent to Brand Fund contributions by contributors
operating in that geographic area or that any contributor benefits
directly or in proportion to its Brand Fund contribution.

22.7

Franchisor has the right, but no
obligation, to use collection agents and institute legal proceedings to
collect Brand Fund contributions at the Brand Fund’s expense. Franchisor
may also forgive, waive, settle and compromise any and all claims for
contributions to the Brand Fund. Except as expressly provided in
Sections 22.1 through 22.8 , Franchisor assumes no direct or
indirect liability or obligation to Franchisee for collecting amounts due
to, maintaining, directing or administering the Brand Fund.

22.8

Franchisor may at any time defer
or reduce the Brand Fund contributions of one or more franchisees and,
upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisee, reduce or
suspend Brand Fund contributions and operations for one or more periods of
any length and terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the Brand Fund.
If Franchisor terminates the Brand Fund, it will distribute all unspent
monies to its franchisees, and to Franchisor and its Affiliates, in
proportion to their, and Franchisor’s, respective Brand Fund contributions
during the preceding twelve (12) month period.
20

22.9
     
Franchisee will not
execute or conduct any advertising or promotional activity in relation to
the STORE or the System without Franchisor’s prior written approval.
Franchisee must submit annual marketing plans to Franchisor in a form
Franchisor specifies. Such annual marketing plans require Franchisor
approval.

22.10

Franchisee will be
responsible for conducting, with Franchisor’s guidance, a grand opening
marketing program (the “Grand Opening Marketing Program”) during the
period commencing thirty (30) days before and ending ninety (90) days
after the opening of the STORE. The Grand Opening Marketing Program will
utilize public relations and advertising, media, and promotional materials
that Franchisor has developed or approved. Amounts so spent on the Grand
Opening Marketing Program, up to one percent (1%) of the STORE’s Net
Sales, will be credited against Franchisee’s requirement to spend three
percent (3%) of the STORE’s Net Sales, as set forth in Section
22.11 , for the first year.

22.11

During each twelve
(12) month period of the Term, Franchisee agrees to spend for advertising
and promotion of the STORE not less than three percent (3%) of the STORE’s
Net Sales and to submit plans for such programs for Franchisor’s approval
or disapproval in accordance with schedules prescribed by Franchisor. For
these purposes, advertising expenditures include amounts spent for
advertising media, such as television, radio, newspaper, billboards,
posters, direct mail, yellow pages, collateral promotional and novelty
items, advertising on public vehicles, such as cabs and buses, and, if not
provided by Franchisor, the cost of producing approved materials necessary
to participate in these media. Advertising expenditures do not include
Brand Fund contributions or amounts spent for items which Franchisor, in
its reasonable judgment, deems inappropriate for meeting the minimum
advertising requirement, including permanent on-premises signs and menu
boards, lighting, menus, premiums, discounts, free offers, charitable
contributions, fundraising activities, and employee incentive programs.
Franchisor will have the right to review Franchisee’s books and records
from time to time to determine Franchisee’s expenditures for local
advertising and promotion.

22.12

Before Franchisee uses
any advertising, promotional or marketing materials that Franchisor has
not prepared or previously approved, Franchisee must send samples of all
such materials to Franchisor for approval. If Franchisee does not receive
Franchisor’s written disapproval within thirty (30) days after Franchisor
receives the materials, they are deemed approved. Franchisee may not use
any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials that Franchisor has
disapproved.

22.13

Franchisee agrees that
any advertising, promotion and marketing it conducts will be completely
clear and factual and not misleading and conform to the highest standards
of ethical marketing and the promotion policies and System Standards that
Franchisor prescribes from time to time.

22.14

At Franchisor’s
option, Franchisor may establish one or more websites to advertise,
market, and promote Krispy Kreme Stores, the Products, and/or the Krispy
Kreme franchise system (each a “System Website”). If Franchisor
establishes a System Website, Franchisor may require Franchisee to
participate in such System Website by including information relating to
the STORE. Franchisor will control website traffic and registration of
additional domain names.

22.15

Franchisee may not
develop, maintain, or authorize any other website that mentions or
describes Franchisee or the STORE or that displays any of the Marks
without obtaining written approval from Franchisor.

22.16

Franchisor has the
right to establish local and/or regional advertising cooperatives for
Krispy Kreme Stores in Franchisee’s local or regional area, covering such
geographical areas as Franchisor may designate from time to time.
Franchisee must participate in such advertising cooperatives and their
programs and abide by their by-laws. Franchisee must contribute such
amounts to the advertising cooperatives as they determine from time to
time in accordance with their by-laws. Any Krispy Kreme Stores owned by
Franchisor or any of its Affiliates located in such designated local or
regional areas will contribute to the cooperatives on at least the same
basis. Contributions to such local and regional advertising cooperatives
are credited toward the annual three percent (3%) advertising expenditures
required by Section 22.11 .
21

23.

ACCOUNTING, REPORTS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

23.1
     
Franchisee will, at
Franchisee’s expense, retain all records relating to the development and
operation of the STORE. All such records shall be kept at the premises of
the STORE, unless Franchisor otherwise approves. Franchisee will furnish
to Franchisor via the medium Franchisor prescribes from time to time, in a
form consistent with its then-current accounting practices and procedures:
(a) by each Reporting Day, reports of the STORE’s sales, cost of goods
sold, labor expense and number of transactions for the preceding Week; (b)
within thirty (30) days after the end of each month, an operating income
statement of Franchisee, the STORE, or both for such month and fiscal year
to date, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles consistently applied; (c) within forty-five (45) days after the
end of each fiscal quarter, a balance sheet and income statement of
Franchisee, the STORE, or both for such quarter and fiscal year to date,
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied; (d) within one hundred twenty days (120) days after
the end of Franchisee’s fiscal year, a balance sheet and an income
statement for the STORE and/or Franchisee for such fiscal year (reflecting
all year-end adjustments), and a statement of cash flow of the STORE,
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied; and (e) upon request by Franchisor, such other data,
reports, information and supporting records as Franchisor may from time to
time prescribe.

23.2

Franchisee agrees to
maintain and to furnish to Franchisor, upon request, complete copies of
all withholding, income, sales, value added, use and service tax returns
filed by Franchisee reflecting activities of the STORE.

23.3

Franchisor has the
right to (a) disclose data derived from all reports; (b) require
Franchisee to have audited financial statements prepared on an annual
basis; and (c) to access all cash registers/computer terminals and
Franchisee’s Computer System and retrieve all information relating to the
STORE, as often as it deems appropriate. Franchisee will take such action
as may be necessary to provide such access to Franchisor. Furthermore,
Franchisee will immediately report to Franchisor any events or
developments which may have a significant or material adverse impact on
the operation of the STORE, Franchisee’s performance under this Agreement,
or the goodwill associated with the Marks and Krispy Kreme Stores.
Franchisee will sign and verify as correct and complete each report and
financial statement submitted by Franchisee in the manner prescribed by
Franchisor.

23.4

Each year, Franchisor
requires that Franchisee submit an annual business plan for Franchisor’s
review. Further, Franchisor has the right to audit at any time during
regular business hours, and without prior notice to Franchisee, to inspect
and audit, or cause to be inspected and audited, the business, financial
and tax records of the STORE and Franchisee. Franchisee will fully
cooperate and cause its employees and agents to fully cooperate with
Franchisor’s representatives and independent accountants hired by
Franchisor to conduct any such inspection or audit. Franchisor’s right to
audit includes the right to access the Computer System. In the event any
such inspection or audit reveals an understatement of the Net Sales of the
STORE, Franchisee will pay to Franchisor, within fifteen (15) days after
receipt of the inspection or audit report, the Royalty payments and Brand
Fund contributions (and any required advertising cooperative
contributions) due on the amount of such understatement, plus interest (at
the rate and on the terms provided in this Agreement) from the date
originally due until the date of payment. Further, in the event such
inspection or audit is made necessary by Franchisee’s failure to furnish
timely any reports or supporting records required to be submitted under
this Agreement or if an understatement of Net Sales for the period of any
audit is determined by any such audit or inspection to be greater than two
percent (2%), Franchisee will reimburse Franchisor for the cost of such
inspection or audit, including legal fees, accountants’ fees and the
travel expenses, room and board, per diem charges, and other associated
expenses for Franchisor’s employees. The foregoing remedies are in
addition to all other remedies and rights contained in this Agreement or
under applicable law.

24.

TRANSFER

24.1

This Agreement is
fully transferable by Franchisor (without any obligation to provide notice
to Franchisee or obtain Franchisee’s consent) and will inure to the
benefit of any assignee or other legal successor to Franchisor’s
interests. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor will have the right, from
time to time, to delegate
22

the
performance of any portion of or all of its obligations and duties under
this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the System to designees,
whether the same are Franchisor’s agents or independent contractors with
which Franchisor has contracted to provide such services or perform such
duties.

24.2

Franchisee’s
rights and duties under this Agreement are personal to Franchisee, or if
Franchisee is a business corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or any other legal entity, its Owners. Accordingly, neither
Franchisee nor any of its Owners may Transfer the Franchise without
Franchisor’s prior approval and without complying with the terms and
conditions of Section 24 . Any Transfer without such approval or
compliance constitutes a breach of this Agreement, and is void and of no
force or effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisee may not under
any circumstances directly or indirectly subfranchise or sublicense any of
its rights hereunder.

24.3
     
If
Franchisor has not exercised its right of first refusal under Section
24.5 , Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold its approval of a
Transfer of the Franchise that meets all of the reasonable restrictions,
requirements and conditions Franchisor imposes on the Transfer, the
transferor(s) and/or the transferee(s) from time to time, which shall in
any event include, the following:

(a)

Franchisee must be in
Good Standing;

(b)
     
the proposed
transferee and its owners (if the proposed transferee is a corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity) must provide
Franchisor on a timely basis all information Franchisor requests, and must
be individuals acting in their individual capacities who are of good
character and reputation, who must have sufficient business experience,
aptitude and financial resources to operate the STORE pursuant to this
Agreement and to develop Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities
pursuant to the Development Agreement, if applicable, and who must
otherwise meet Franchisor’s then-current standards for
approval;

(c)

the proposed
transferee may not be an entity, or be affiliated with an entity, that is
required to comply with the reporting and information requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

(d)

the transferee (and
its owners) must agree to be bound by all of the provisions of this
Agreement for the remainder of the Term or, at Franchisor’s option,
execute Franchisor’s then current Franchise Agreement and related
documents used in the state where the STORE is located (which may provide
for different royalties, advertising contributions and expenditures,
duration and other rights and obligations than those provided in this
Agreement);

(e)

the transferee must
acquire, in a concurrent transaction, all of the rights and obligations of
Franchisee and its Affiliates under all agreements between Franchisee or
its Affiliates and Franchisor or its Affiliates, including any Development
Agreement and all Franchise Agreements and Commissary Facility Agreements
executed by Franchisee or its Affiliates pursuant to the Development
Agreement or pursuant to any other development or similar agreement with
Franchisor;

(f)

Franchisee or the
transferee must pay Franchisor a transfer fee in an amount equal to Five
Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00);

(g)

Franchisee and its
Owners and Affiliates must, except to the extent limited or prohibited by
applicable law, execute a general release, in form and substance
satisfactory to Franchisor, of any and all claims against Franchisor, its
Affiliates and shareholders, members, managers, officers, directors,
employees, agents, successors and assigns;

(h)

Franchisee must
provide Franchisor with all information requested by Franchisor in
connection with the Transfer, and Franchisor must not have disapproved the
material terms and conditions of such Transfer (including the price and
terms of payment and the amount to be financed by the transferee in
connection with such Transfer) on the basis that they are so burdensome as
to be likely, in Franchisor’s reasonable judgment, to adversely affect the
transferee’s operation of the STORE or its compliance with this Agreement,
all Franchise Agreements, Commissary Facility Agreements, and Development
Agreements being transferred, and any other agreements to be executed by
the transferee;
23

(i)
     
If Franchisee (or any
of its Owners or Affiliates) finances any part of the sales price of the
transferred interest, Franchisee and/or its Owners or Affiliates must
agree that all obligations of the transferee, and security interests
reserved by any of them in the assets transferred, will be subordinate to
the transferee’s obligations to pay all amounts due Franchisor and its
Affiliates and to otherwise comply with this Agreement, all Franchise
Agreements, Commissary Facility Agreements, and Development Agreements
being transferred and any other agreements to be executed by the
transferee;

(j)

Franchisee and its
Owners must execute non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, in
form and substance satisfactory to Franchisor, substantially similar to
those contained in Section 27.3 ; and

(k)

Franchisee and its
Owners and Affiliates must execute such other documents and do such other
things as Franchisor reasonably requires to protect its rights under this
Agreement and all Development Agreements, Franchise Agreements, Commissary
Facility Agreements and other agreements being transferred.

24.4

Franchisor’s
approval of a Transfer of the Franchise does not constitute: (a) a
representation as to the fairness of the terms of any agreement or
arrangement between Franchisee or its Owners and the transferee or as to
the prospects for success by the transferee; or (b) a release of
Franchisee and its Owners, a waiver of any claims against Franchisee or
its Owners or a waiver of Franchisor’s right to demand the transferee’s
compliance with this Agreement or any other agreements being transferred.
Any approval shall apply only to the specific Transfer of the Franchise
being proposed and shall not constitute Franchisor’s approval of, or have
any bearing on, any other proposed Transfer of the Franchise.

24.5

If
Franchisee or any of its Owners desires to Transfer the Franchise (other
than by gift or bequest), Franchisee or such Owners must obtain a
bona fide, executed written offer from a responsible and fully disclosed
purchaser (which must contain a confidentiality covenant by Franchisee and
the prospective buyer to which Franchisor shall be an intended third party
beneficiary) and must deliver immediately to Franchisor a complete and
accurate copy of such offer. If the offeror proposes to buy any other
property or rights from Franchisee or any of its Owners or Affiliates
(other than rights under any Development Agreements, Franchise Agreements
or Commissary Facility Agreements) as part of the bona fide offer, the
proposal for such property or rights must be set forth in a separate,
contemporaneous offer that is fully disclosed to Franchisor, and the price
and terms of purchase offered to Franchisee or its Owners for the Transfer
of the Franchise must reflect the bona
fide price offered therefor and not
reflect any value for any other property or rights.

24.6

Franchisor
has the option, exercisable by notice delivered to Franchisee or its
Owners within thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of a complete and
accurate copy of such offer to Franchisor, to purchase such interest for
the price and on the terms and conditions contained in such offer,
provided that: (a) Franchisor may substitute cash for any form of payment
proposed in such offer; (b) Franchisor’s credit shall be deemed equal to
the credit of any proposed purchaser; (c) Franchisor shall have not less
than ninety (90) days from the option exercise date to consummate the
transaction; and (d) Franchisor shall not be required to pay deposits
(such as earnest money) or to escrow funds prior to closing. Franchisor
has the right to investigate and analyze the business, assets and
liabilities and all other matters Franchisor deems necessary or desirable
in order to make an informed investment decision with respect to the
fairness of the terms of the right of first refusal. Franchisor may
conduct such investigation and analysis in any manner Franchisor deems
reasonably appropriate, and Franchisee and its Owners must cooperate fully
with Franchisor in connection therewith.

24.7

If
Franchisor exercises its option to purchase, Franchisor is entitled to
purchase such interest subject to all representations and warranties,
closing documents, releases, non-competition covenants and indemnities as
Franchisor reasonably may require, provided if Franchisor exercises its
option as a result of a written offer reflected in a fully negotiated
definitive agreement with the proposed purchaser, Franchisor will not be
entitled to any additional representations, warranties, closing documents
or indemnities that will have a materially adverse effect on Franchisee’s
rights and obligations under the definitive
agreement.
24

If Franchisor does not exercise
its option to purchase, Franchisee or its Owners may complete the sale to
such offeror pursuant to and on the exact terms of such offer, subject to
Franchisor’s approval of the Transfer as provided in Sections 24.2
and 24.3 , provided that if the sale to such offeror is not
completed within ninety (90) days after delivery of such offer to
Franchisor, or if there is a change in the terms of the offer, Franchisee
must promptly notify Franchisor and Franchisor shall have an additional
option to purchase (on the terms of the revised offer, if any, and
otherwise as set forth herein) during the thirty (30)-day period following
Franchisee’s notification of the expiration of the ninety (90)-day period
or the change to the terms of the offer.

24.8
     
Neither Franchisee nor any of its
Owners or Affiliates may issue or sell, or offer to issue or sell, any of
Franchisee’s securities or any securities of any of its Affiliates,
regardless of whether such sale or offer would be required to be
registered pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and regardless
of the means by which such sale is conducted, directly or indirectly, or
by operation of law (including by merger, consolidation, reorganization or
otherwise) without obtaining Franchisor’s prior consent and complying with
all of its requirements and restrictions concerning use of information
about Franchisor and its Affiliates. Neither Franchisee nor any of its
Owners or Affiliates may issue or sell Franchisee’s securities or the
securities of any of its Affiliates if: (1) such securities would be
required to be registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or such securities would be owned by more than 35 persons; or (2)
after such issuance or sale, Franchisee or such Affiliate would be
required to comply with the reporting and information requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any memorandum or other
communications circulated in connection with any solicitation of offers to
purchase that would require Franchisor’s consent to Transfer the Franchise
(through whatever form of transaction, whether through direct or indirect
sale of assets or securities, by operation of law or otherwise) shall be
subject to approval by Franchisor.

25.

SUCCESSOR
FRANCHISE

25.1

Upon expiration of the Term,
Franchisor will grant Franchisee a successor franchise on Franchisor’s
then-current terms if Franchisee and each of its Owners and Affiliates are
in full compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and any other
agreements with Franchisor or any of its Affiliates, and provided that the
following conditions are met:

(a)

Franchisee maintains possession
of the Site and agrees to upgrade the STORE to Franchisor’s then-current
standards for Krispy Kreme Stores;

(b)
     
If Franchisee is unable to
maintain possession of the Site, or if in Franchisor’s judgment the STORE
should be relocated, and Franchisee secures a substitute site approved by
Franchisor, Franchisee develops such site in compliance with Franchisor’s
then-current standards for Krispy Kreme Stores, and continues to operate
the STORE at the Site until operations are transferred to the substitute
site;

(c)

Franchisee gives Franchisor
written notice of its election to acquire a successor franchise at least
six (6) months but not more than twelve (12) months prior to the
expiration of the term of the Franchise;

(d)

Franchisee and its Owners and
Affiliates are then in compliance with all of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and all other agreements between such parties and
Franchisor and its Affiliates, and have been in substantial compliance
with all such agreements throughout their respective terms;

(e)

Franchisee and its Owners will
execute the terms and conditions of the agreements Franchisor then
customarily uses in connection with the grant of successor franchises for
Krispy Kreme Stores in the state where the STORE is located;
and

(f)

Franchisee and its Owners and
Affiliates will execute and deliver general releases, in form satisfactory
to Franchisor, of any and all claims against Franchisor and its
Affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents,
successors, and assigns.

25.2

Once Franchisor receives notice
from Franchisee in accordance with Section 25.1(c) above,
Franchisor will give Franchisee notice, within ninety (90) days after
Franchisor’s receipt of Franchisee’s notice and any supporting information
requested by Franchisor, of Franchisor’s decision: (a) to grant
Franchisee
25

a successor franchise; (b) to grant Franchisee a successor
franchise on the condition that deficiencies of the STORE, and/or
in its operation of the STORE, or such other matters as Franchisor may
indicate are deficient in its sole discretion are corrected; or (c) not to
grant Franchisee a successor franchise. If Franchisor’s notice states that
Franchisee must cure certain deficiencies of the STORE, its operation or
otherwise as a condition to the grant of a successor franchise, Franchisee
will have thirty (30) days from the receipt of such notice to cure such
deficiencies. If Franchisee does not cure such deficiencies, Franchisor
will give Franchisee written notice of a decision not to grant a successor
franchise, based upon Franchisee failure to cure such deficiencies, within
thirty (30) days after the expiration of the cure period, provided,
however, that Franchisor will not be required to give Franchisee such
notice if Franchisor decides not to grant Franchisee a successor franchise
due to Franchisee’s breach of this Agreement during the cure period or the
thirty (30) day period thereafter.

26.

TERMINATION OF FRANCHISE

26.1

Franchisee
is in material breach of this Agreement, and this Agreement will
automatically terminate without notice, at Franchisor’s discretion, if:
(a) Franchisee becomes insolvent by reason of its inability to pay its
debts as they mature; (b) Franchisee is adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;
(c) Franchisee files a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar
proceeding under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or has such a
petition filed against Franchisee, which is not discharged within thirty
(30) days; (d) a receiver or other custodian, permanent or temporary, is
appointed for Franchisee’s business, assets or property; (e) Franchisee
requests the appointment of a receiver or makes a general assignment for
the benefit of creditors; (f) a final judgment against Franchisee in the
amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) or more remains unsatisfied
of record for sixty (60) days or longer; (g) Franchisee’s bank accounts,
property or accounts receivable are attached; (h) execution is levied
against Franchisee’s business or property; (i) suit is filed to foreclose
any lien or mortgage against any of Franchisee’s assets and such suit is
not dismissed within thirty (30) days; (j) Franchisee voluntarily
dissolves or liquidates or has a petition filed for corporate or
partnership dissolution and such petition is not dismissed within thirty
(30) days; or (k) Franchisee’s assets, property or interest are “blocked”
under any law, ordinance or regulation relating to terrorist activities or
if Franchisee is otherwise in violation of any such law, ordinance or
regulation.

26.2

In addition
to Franchisor’s right to terminate pursuant to other provisions of this
Agreement and under applicable law, Franchisor has the right to terminate
this Agreement, effective upon delivery of notice of termination to
Franchisee, if Franchisee or any of its Principal Owners or
Affiliates:

(a)

opens the STORE in violation of
Section 11.1 ;

(b)

abandons or fails actively to
operate the STORE for five (5) consecutive days, unless a closing of the
STORE has been approved by Franchisor;

(c)

makes any material misstatement
or omission in the Franchise Application or in any other information,
report, or summary provided to Franchisor at any time;

(d)

suffers cancellation or
termination of the lease or sublease for the STORE;

(e)

is convicted of, or pleads no
contest to, a felony or other crime or offense that Franchisor believes,
in its sole judgment, may adversely affect the System or the goodwill
associated with the Marks;

(f)

makes an unauthorized Transfer of
the Franchise;

(g)

makes any unauthorized use or
disclosure of any Confidential Information or uses, duplicates or
discloses any portion of the System Standards Manuals in violation of this
Agreement;

(h)
     
fails or refuses to comply with
any mandatory specification, standard, or operating procedure prescribed
by Franchisor relating to the cleanliness or sanitation of the STORE or
violates any applicable health, safety or sanitation law, ordinance or
regulation that Franchisor in its sole judgment believes may pose harm to
the public or to its reputation, and does not correct such failure,
refusal or violation within 24 hours after written notice thereof is
delivered to Franchisee;
26

(i)
     
fails to report
accurately Net Sales, to establish, maintain and/or have sufficient funds
available in the Account as required by Section 13.3 or fails to
make payment of any amounts due Franchisor or any of its Affiliates, and
does not correct such failure within ten (10) days after written notice of
such failure is delivered to Franchisee;

(j)

fails to make a timely
payment of any amount due to a supplier unaffiliated with Franchisor
(other than payments which are subject to bona fide dispute), and does not
correct such failure within thirty (30) days after Franchisor delivers to
Franchisee notice of such failure to comply;

(k)

fails to comply with
any other provision of this Agreement or any other mandatory
specification, standard or operating procedure or other obligation
prescribed in the System Standards Manuals and does not correct such
failure within thirty (30) days after notice of such failure to comply is
delivered to Franchisee; or

(l)

fails on three (3) or
more separate occasions within any period of twelve (12) consecutive
months to submit when due reports or other data, information or supporting
records or to pay when due Royalties, Brand Fund contributions or other
payments due Franchisor, any of its Affiliates or any unaffiliated
suppliers or otherwise fails to comply with this Agreement or any
mandatory specification, standard or operating procedure or other
obligation prescribed in the System Standards Manuals, whether or not such
failure is corrected after notice is delivered to Franchisee.

Franchisor
has no obligation whatsoever to refund any portion of the Initial
Franchise Fee upon any termination.

26.3

Franchisor
has the option, but not the obligation, to cure any of Franchisee’s
default under Section 26.2 . If Franchisor chooses to exercise such
option, then within five (5) days of the date Franchisor sends Franchisee
notice of Franchisor’s expenses incurred in curing Franchisee’s default,
Franchisee shall reimburse Franchisor for all such expenses.

27.

EFFECT OF
TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION

27.1

Within ten
(10) days after the effective date of termination or expiration (without
renewal) of this Agreement, Franchisee must pay Franchisor and its
Affiliates all Royalties, Brand Fund contributions, amounts owed for
purchases from Franchisor or its Affiliates, interest due on any of the
foregoing and all other amounts owed to Franchisor or its Affiliates which
are then unpaid.

27.2

Upon the
termination or expiration (without renewal) of this Agreement, Franchisee
will:

(a)

not directly or
indirectly at any time or in any manner use any Mark, any colorable
imitation of any Mark or any other indicia of a Krispy Kreme Store or
Commissary Facility;

(b)

take such action as
may be required to cancel all fictitious or assumed name registrations
relating to Franchisee’s use of any Mark;

(c)

notify the telephone
company and all telephone directory publishers of the termination or
expiration of Franchisee’s right to use any telephone number and any
regular, classified or other telephone directory listings associated with
any Mark and to authorize transfer of the number to Franchisor or at its
direction;

(d)

if Franchisor does not
exercise its option to purchase the STORE pursuant to Section 27.5 ,
promptly remove from the Site, and discontinue using for any purpose, all
signs, fixtures, furniture, decor items, advertising materials, forms and
other materials and supplies which display any of the Marks or any
distinctive features, images, or designs associated with Krispy Kreme
Stores or Commissary Facilities and, at Franchisee’s expense, make such
alterations as may be necessary to distinguish the Site so clearly from
its former appearance as a Krispy Kreme Store as to prevent any
possibility of confusion by the public;
27

(e)

immediately cease to
use all Confidential Information and return to Franchisor all copies of
the System Standards Manuals and any other confidential materials which
have been loaned to Franchisee;

(f)
     
immediately
discontinue any mode of communications on the Internet directly or
indirectly relating to the STORE, including any websites or web pages, and
immediately take all steps required by Franchisor to transfer to
Franchisor any domain name associated with the STORE (such as executing a
registrant name change agreement with the applicable registrar).
Franchisee irrevocably appoints an authorized officer of Franchisor as
Franchisee’s duly authorized agent and attorney-in-fact to execute all
instruments and take all steps to transfer such domain names;

(g)

immediately
discontinue the use of any proprietary software; and

(h)

within thirty (30)
days after the effective date of termination or expiration, furnish
evidence satisfactory to Franchisor of Franchisee’s compliance with the
foregoing obligations.

27.3
     
Upon
termination or expiration (without renewal) of this Agreement, neither
Franchisee nor any Restricted Person will, for a period of two (2) years
commencing on the effective date of such termination or expiration or the
date on which Franchisee ceases to conduct its activities under this
Agreement, whichever is later:

(a)

have any Ownership
Interest in a Competitive Business located within a radius of ten (10)
miles of the Site or of any other Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary
Facility open or under construction on the effective date of termination
or expiration;

(b)

perform services as a
director, officer, manager, partner, or supervisory or management-level
employee, of any Competitive Business located within a radius of ten (10)
miles of the Site or of any other Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary
Facility then open or under construction;

(c)

perform services as an
employee, consultant, representative, agent or otherwise for a Competitive
Business located within a radius of ten (10) miles of the Site or of any
other Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility then open or under
construction, where such services (i) are substantially similar to those
provided to Franchisee; or (ii) create a relationship between Franchisee
or the Restricted Person and such Competitive Business in which Franchisee
or the Restricted Person could be reasonably expected to benefit, either
directly or indirectly, whether financially or otherwise, from the
disclosure of any Confidential Information to such Competitive
Business;

(d)

recruit or hire any
Person who is Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any Krispy Kreme
Store or Commissary Facility, or who has been Franchisor’s employee or the
employee of any Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility within the past
six (6) months without obtaining prior written permission from Franchisor
and that Person’s employer. If Franchisor permits Franchisee to hire any
such Person, then Franchisee agrees to pay Franchisor a non-refundable
Management Development Fee in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars
($25,000) per hired employee as of the date of hire; or

(e)

induce or attempt to
induce any Person who is Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any
Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility to discontinue working for
Franchisor or such Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility as the case
may be.

Franchisee
and each of its Owners expressly acknowledges the possession of skills and
abilities of a general nature and other opportunities for exploiting such
skills in other ways, so that enforcement of the covenants contained in
Section 27.3 will not deprive any of them their personal goodwill
or ability to earn a living. If Franchisee or any of its Owners fails or
refuses to abide by any of the foregoing covenants and Franchisor obtains
enforcement in a judicial or arbitration proceeding, the obligations under
the breached covenant will be tolled during the period(s) of time that the
covenant is breached and/or Franchisor seeks to enforce it and will
continue in effect for a period of time ending two (2) years after the
date of the order enforcing the covenant.
28

27.4
     
Upon termination or
expiration (without renewal) of this Agreement, Franchisor shall have the
right, exercisable by giving notice thereof within thirty (30) days after
the date of such termination or expiration, to purchase (and, if
necessary, take possession of and remove from the Site) any and all
equipment used or useable at the STORE (including all equipment that
contains or embodies patents owned by Franchisor or any of its Affiliates)
at its net book value, determined in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, consistently applied. This right is separate and
apart from Franchisor’s rights under Section 27.5 .

27.5

Upon termination or
expiration (without renewal) of this Agreement, Franchisor shall have the
right, exercisable by giving notice thereof (“Appraisal Notice”) within
thirty (30) days after the date of such termination or expiration, to
require that a determination be made of the “Fair Market Value” (as
defined below) of any or all of the assets of the STORE which Franchisee
owns, including inventory of non-perishable products, materials, supplies,
furniture, equipment, signs, and any and all leasehold improvements,
fixtures, building and land, but excluding any cash and short-term
investments and any items not meeting Franchisor’s specifications for
Krispy Kreme Stores (the “Purchased Assets”). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if Franchisee notifies Franchisor not less than one hundred
eighty (180) days nor more than two hundred seventy (270) days prior to
the expiration of this Agreement that Franchisee does not desire to enter
into a successor franchise agreement on expiration, then Franchisor
agrees, if Franchisor desires to exercise its right to purchase, to give
Franchisee the Appraisal Notice at least one hundred twenty (120) days
prior to the date of expiration of this Agreement.

27.6

Upon delivery of the
Appraisal Notice, Franchisee may not sell or remove any of the assets of
the STORE from the Premises (other than in the ordinary course of
business) and must give Franchisor, its designated agents and the
“Appraisers” (as defined below) full access to the STORE and all of
Franchisee’s books and records at any times during customary business
hours in order to conduct inventories and determine the purchase price for
the Purchased Assets.

27.7

The Fair Market Value
shall be defined as the amount at which an arm’s length purchaser would be
willing to pay for the Purchased Assets, assuming that the Purchased
Assets would be used for the operation of a Krispy Kreme Store under a
valid franchise agreement reflecting the then-current (or if Franchisor is
not offering franchises at that time, then the most recent) standard terms
upon which Franchisor offers franchises for Krispy Kreme Stores. Under no
circumstances will any value be attributed to any goodwill associated with
the Marks or any value attributed to the System (all of which Franchisee
acknowledges to be owned by Franchisor and its Affiliates). In the first
instance, Fair Market Value shall be determined by consultation between
Franchisor and Franchisee. If Franchisee and Franchisor are unable to
agree on the Fair Market Value of the Purchased Assets within fifteen (15)
days after the Appraisal Notice, then Fair Market Value will be determined
by calculating the mean average of three (3) separate appraisals done by
three (3) independent appraisers (“Appraisers”). Franchisor and Franchisee
shall each designate one (1) Appraiser within thirty (30) days of the
Appraisal Notice and the two (2) Appraisers so designated will select a
third (3rd) Appraiser within ten (10) days thereafter. If the two
designated Appraisers are unable to select a third (3rd) Appraiser within
such ten (10) days, then the third (3rd) Appraiser shall be selected, on
demand of either party, by the director of the Regional Office of the
American Arbitration Association located nearest to Winston-Salem, North
Carolina.

27.8

Each Appraiser will
make his or her determination and submit a written report (“Appraisal
Report”) to Franchisee and Franchisor as soon as practicable, but in no
event more than thirty (30) days after his or her appointment. Each party
may submit in writing to the Appraisers its judgment of Fair Market Value
(together with its reasons therefor and with copies to each other);
however, the Appraisers shall not be limited to these submissions and may
make such independent investigations as they reasonably determine to be
necessary. The Appraisers’ fees and costs shall be borne equally by the
parties.

27.9

Franchisor has the
option, exercisable by delivering notice thereof within thirty (30) days
after submission of the last Appraisal Report (or the date that an
agreement is reached, if the parties agree to the Fair Market Value), to
agree to purchase the Purchased Assets at the Fair Market Value, as so
determined. Franchisor shall have the unrestricted right to assign this
option to purchase separate and apart from the remainder of this
Agreement.
29

27.10

If Franchisor
exercises its option to purchase, the purchase price for the Purchased
Assets will be paid in cash at the closing, which will occur at the place,
time and date Franchisor designates, but not later than sixty (60) days
after the exercise of Franchisor’s option to purchase the Purchased
Assets. At the closing, Franchisor will be entitled to all
representations, warranties, covenants, title insurance policies and other
closing documents and post-closing indemnifications and hold-backs as
Franchisor reasonably requires, including: (a) instruments transferring
good and marketable title to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances, and liabilities, to Franchisor or its designee, with
all sales and other transfer taxes paid by Franchisee; (b) an assignment
of all leases of assets used in the operation of the STORE, including
land, building and/or equipment (or if an assignment is prohibited, a
sublease to Franchisor or its designee for the full remaining term and on
the same terms and conditions as Franchisee’s lease, including renewal
and/or purchase options), provided, however, that if any of Franchisee’s
Owners or Affiliates directly or indirectly owns the land, building and/or
equipment of the STORE, Franchisee will, at Franchisor’s option, cause
such Owner or Affiliate to grant to Franchisor a lease at reasonable and
customary rental rates and other terms prevailing in the community where
the STORE is located; and (c) a general release by Franchisee and its
Owners and Affiliates in form and substance satisfactory to
Franchisor.

27.11
    
If Franchisee cannot
deliver clear title to all of the Purchased Assets, or if there are other
unresolved issues, the closing of the sale may, at Franchisor’s option, be
accomplished through an escrow on such terms and conditions as Franchisor
deems appropriate, including the making of payments, to be deducted from
the purchase price, directly to third parties in order to obtain clear
title to all of the Purchased Assets. Further, Franchisee and Franchisor
shall comply with any applicable Bulk Sales provisions of the Uniform
Commercial Code as enacted in the state where the STORE is located and all
applicable state and local sales and income tax notification and/or escrow
procedures. Franchisor has the right to set off against and reduce the
purchase price by any and all amounts owed by Franchisee or any of its
Owners or Affiliates to Franchisor or any of its Affiliates.

27.12

Upon delivery of the
Appraisal Notice and pending (a) determination of Fair Market Value, (b)
Franchisor’s option period, and (c) the closing of the purchase,
Franchisor may authorize continued temporary operations of the STORE
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, subject to the supervision and
control of one or more of Franchisor’s appointed managers.

27.13

Franchisor’s exercise
of any of its rights under Section 27 will be in addition to and
not in limitation of any other rights and remedies it may have in the
event of any breach or default by Franchisee.

27.14

All the obligations of
Franchisee and its Owners and Affiliates under this Agreement, which
expressly or by their nature survive or are intended to survive the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, will continue in full force
and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the termination or expiration
until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire.

28.

RELATIONSHIP OF
PARTIES/INDEMNIFICATION

28.1

Neither this Agreement
nor the dealings of the parties pursuant to this Agreement shall create
any fiduciary relationship or any other relationship of trust or
confidence between the parties hereto. Franchisor and Franchisee, as
between themselves, are and shall be independent contractors.

28.2

Franchisee understands
and agrees that Franchisor may operate and change the System and its
business in any manner that is not expressly and specifically prohibited
by this Agreement. Whenever Franchisor has expressly reserved in this
Agreement or is deemed to have a right and/or discretion to take or
withhold an action, or to grant or decline to grant Franchisee a right to
take or withhold an action, except as otherwise expressly and specifically
provided in this Agreement, Franchisor may make its decision or exercise
its right and/or discretion on the basis of its judgment of what is in its
best interests, including its judgment of what is in the best interests of
its franchise network, at the time its decision is made or its right or
discretion is exercised, without regard to whether: (a) other reasonable
alternative decisions or actions could have been made by Franchisor; (b)
Franchisor’s decision or action promotes its financial or other individual
interest; (c) Franchisor’s decision or action applies differently to
Franchisee and one or
30

more other franchisees
or its company-owed operations; or (d) Franchisor’s decision or the
exercise of its right or discretion is adverse to Franchisee’s interests.
In the absence of an applicable statute, Franchisor will have no liability
to Franchisee for any such decision or action. The parties intend that the
exercise of Franchisor’s right or discretion will not be subject to
limitation or review. If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith
and fair dealing in this Agreement, the parties agree that such covenant
shall not imply any rights or obligations that are inconsistent with a
fair construction of the terms of this Agreement and that this Agreement
grants Franchisor the right to make decisions, take actions and/or refrain
from taking actions not inconsistent with Franchisee’s rights and
obligations hereunder.

Nothing contained in
this Agreement, nor arising from the conduct of the parties hereunder, is
intended to make either party a general or special agent, joint venturer,
partner or employee of the other for any purpose whatsoever. Franchisee
must conspicuously identify itself in all dealings with customers,
lessors, contractors, suppliers, public officials, employees and others as
the owner of the rights granted hereunder and must place such other
notices of independent ownership on such forms, business cards,
stationery, advertising and other materials as we may require from time to
time. Franchisee is solely responsible for all employment decisions with
respect to its personnel, including hiring, firing, compensation,
training, supervision and discipline, and regardless whether Franchisee
receives advise from Franchisor on any of these subjects.

28.3

Franchisee may not
make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees or
representations or incur any debt in Franchisor’s name or on its behalf or
represent that the relationship of the parties hereto is anything other
than that of independent contractors. Franchisor will not be obligated by
or have any liability under any agreements made by Franchisee with any
third party or for any representations made by Franchisee to any third
party. Franchisor will not be obligated for any damages to any person or
property arising directly or indirectly out of the operation of
Franchisee’s business hereunder.

28.4

Franchisor will have
no liability for any sales, use, service, occupation, excise, gross
receipts, income, property or other taxes, whether levied upon Franchisee
or the STORE, in connection with the business Franchisee conducts (except
for taxes Franchisor is required by law to collect from Franchisee with
respect to purchases from Franchisor). Payment of all such taxes is
Franchisee’s responsibility.

28.5  

Franchisor agrees to
indemnify Franchisee against, and to reimburse Franchisee for, all damages
for which Franchisee is held liable as a result of a claim that
Franchisee’s authorized use of any Mark or of any of Franchisor’s other
intellectual property rights pursuant to and in full compliance with this
Agreement infringes on the rights of another person and, except as
provided herein, for all costs Franchisee reasonably incurs in defending
any such claim brought against Franchisee, provided that Franchisee has
timely notified Franchisor of such claim and provided further that
Franchisee and Franchisee’s Principal Owners and Affiliates are in full
compliance with this Agreement and with all other agreements entered into
with Franchisor or any of its Affiliates. HDN Development Corporation or
its agent or assignee, at its sole discretion, is entitled to prosecute,
defend and/or settle any such proceeding arising out of Franchisee’s use
of any Mark or other intellectual property right pursuant to this
Agreement and, if HDN Development Corporation or its agent or assignee
undertakes to prosecute, defend and/or settle any such matter, Franchisor,
HDN Development Corporation or its agent or assignee, has no obligation to
indemnify or reimburse Franchisee for any fees or disbursements of any
legal counsel retained by Franchisee.

28.6 

Franchisee agrees to
indemnify Franchisor, its Affiliates and their respective directors,
officers, employees, shareholders, members, managers, agents, successors
and assigns (collectively “ Indemnified Parties ”), and to hold the
Indemnified Parties harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law, from
any and all losses and expenses (as defined below) incurred in connection
with any litigation or other form of adjudicatory procedure, claim,
demand, investigation, or formal or informal inquiry (regardless of
whether it is reduced to judgment) or any settlement thereof which arises
directly or indirectly from, or as a result of, a claim of a third party
against any one or more of the Indemnified Parties, including those in
connection with (a) Franchisee’s failure to perform or breach of any
covenant, agreement, term or provision of this Agreement, (b) Franchisee’s
breach of any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, (c)
Franchisee’s marketing, promotion, advertisement or sale of any of the
products and services offered by the STORE,
31

including unfair or
fraudulent advertising claims (whether in print advertising, electronic
media or otherwise), and product liability claims, (d) Franchisee’s
development, ownership, operation and/or closing of the STORE, (e)
Franchisee’s failure to pay any amounts owed to a supplier, (f) claims by
Franchisee’s employees (including workers’ or unemployment compensation),
(g) personal injury claims, (h) Franchisee’s failure to comply with any
law, and (i) any allegedly unauthorized service or act, rendered or
performed in connection with this Agreement, (collectively “ Event ”)
and regardless of whether it resulted from any strict or vicarious
liability imposed by law on the Indemnified Parties. The foregoing
indemnity shall apply even if it is determined that the Indemnified
Parties’ negligence caused such loss, liability or expense, in whole or in
part, provided, however, that this indemnity will not apply to any
liability arising from a breach of this Agreement by Franchisor or with
respect to any Indemnified Party whose gross negligence or willful acts
caused such liability (except to the extent that joint liability is
involved, in which event the indemnification provided herein will extend
to any finding of comparative or contributory negligence attributable to
Franchisee). The term “ losses and expenses ” includes compensatory,
exemplary, and punitive damages; fines and penalties; attorneys’ fees;
experts’ fees; court costs; costs associated with investigating and
defending against claims; settlement amounts; judgments; compensation for
damages to our reputation and goodwill; and all other costs associated
with any of the foregoing losses and expenses. Franchisor agrees to give
Franchisee reasonable notice of any event of which Franchisor becomes
aware for which indemnification may be required, and Franchisor may elect
(but is not obligated) to direct the defense thereof, provided that the
selection of counsel shall be subject to Franchisee’s consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Franchisor may, in
its reasonable discretion, take such actions as Franchisor deems necessary
and appropriate to investigate, defend, or settle any event or take other
remedial or corrective actions with respect thereto as may be necessary
for the protection of the Indemnified Parties or Krispy Kreme Stores
generally, provided however, that any settlement (to the extent payment is
made by Franchisee) shall be subject to Franchisee’s consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Further,
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the insurer on a policy or policies
obtained in compliance with this Agreement agrees to undertake the defense
of an Event (an “Insured Event”), Franchisor agrees not to exercise its
right to select counsel to defend the Event if such would cause
Franchisee’s insurer to deny coverage. Franchisor reserves the right to
retain counsel to represent Franchisor with respect to an Insured Event at
Franchisor’s sole cost and expense.

28.7  

In furtherance of the
indemnity contained in Section 28.6 , during the Term, Franchisee
agrees to maintain commercial general liability insurance, product
liability coverage, automobile liability insurance, worker’s compensation
insurance, employer’s liability insurance and any other insurance policies
as Franchisor may require from time to time, insuring Franchisee and the
Indemnified Parties against the matters described in Section 28.6 ,
including claims for bodily and personal injury, death and property
damage, among other things, caused by or occurring in conjunction with the
conduct of business by Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement, under one or
more policies of insurance acceptable to Franchisor and containing minimum
liability coverage Franchisor prescribes from time to time. Each such
insurance policy will name Franchisor as an additional insured and will
provide for thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisor of any
material modification, cancellation, or expiration of such policy. Each
such insurance policy will give Franchisor notice of default under the
policy and the opportunity to cure such default on Franchisee’s behalf.
Simultaneous with the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee will provide
Franchisor with evidence of such insurance; thereafter, Franchisee will
furnish to Franchisor annually and upon the replacement or material
modification of any insurance policy providing the coverage required under
this Agreement, a copy of the certificate of insurance or other evidence
requested by Franchisor that such insurance coverage is continuously in
force without interruption. The maintenance of sufficient insurance
coverage (both as to the type and limits of coverage) for the STORE is
Franchisee’s sole responsibility.

28.8 

The terms of
Section 28 will survive the termination or expiration of this
Agreement.

29.

MISCELLANEOUS

29.1

This Agreement and all
issues arising from or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by and
construed under the laws of the State of North Carolina, provided the
foregoing shall not constitute a waiver of Franchisee’s rights under any
applicable franchise law of another state. Otherwise, in the
event
32

of any conflict of
law, North Carolina law will prevail, without regard to the application of
North Carolina conflict of law principles, except that any North Carolina
law regulating the sale of franchises or business opportunities or
governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisees will not
apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without
reference to this section.

29.2  

Franchisee and each of
its Owners agree that the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of
North Carolina, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the Superior Court
(or its successor) for Forsyth County North Carolina, shall be the venue
and exclusive forum in which to adjudicate any case or controversy arising
from or relating to this Agreement, or any Development Agreement,
Commissary Facility Agreement or any other Franchise Agreement, including
any guarantees or covenants by Franchisee’s Owners. In the event a case or
controversy is to be heard by the Superior Court (or its successor) for
Forsyth County North Carolina, any party may request that the matter be
assigned to the North Carolina Business Court. Franchisee and each of its
Owners irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive any
objections to either the jurisdiction of or venue in such courts.
Franchisee and each of its Owners irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent
they may lawfully do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding and agree that service of
process for purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding need not be
personally served or served within the State of North Carolina but may be
served with the same effect as if they were served within the State of
North Carolina, by certified mail or any other means permitted by law,
addressed to Franchisee and its Owners (as applicable) at the address set
forth herein. Nothing contained herein shall affect Franchisor’s rights to
bring a suit, action or proceeding in any other appropriate jurisdiction,
including any suit, action or proceeding brought by Franchisor to enforce
any judgment against Franchisee or any of its Owners entered by a State or
Federal Court.

29.3

Franchisor may obtain
at any time in any court of competent jurisdiction any injunctive relief,
including temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions,
against conduct or threatened conduct for which no adequate remedy at law
may be available or which may cause Franchisor irreparable harm.
Franchisor may have such injunctive relief, without bond, but upon due
notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available
at equity or in law, and Franchisee’s sole remedy in the event of the
entry of such injunction, shall be the dissolution of such injunction, if
warranted, upon hearing duly had (all claims for damages by reason of the
wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby).
Franchisee and each of its Owners acknowledges that any violation of
Sections 16, 17.3, 18, 19, 20,
24.3(j) or 27.3 would result in irreparable injury to
Franchisor for which no adequate remedy at law may be available.
Accordingly, Franchisee and each of its Owners consent to the issuance of
an injunction at Franchisor’s request (without posting a bond or other
security) prohibiting any conduct in violation of any of those sections
and agree that the existence of any claims Franchisee or any of its Owners
may have against Franchisor, whether or not arising herefrom, shall not
constitute a defense to the enforcement of any of those
Sections.

29.4

If Franchisor claims
in any judicial proceeding that Franchisee owes Franchisor or any of its
Affiliates money or that Franchisee has otherwise breached this Agreement
and Franchisor prevails on such claims, then Franchisor shall be awarded
its costs and expenses incurred in connection with such proceedings,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees.

29.5 

Except with respect to
any of Franchisee’s obligations herein regarding the Confidential
Information, the Marks, and any other intellectual property rights of
Franchisor, Franchisor and Franchisee (and its Owners) each waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or claim for any punitive or
exemplary damages against the other. Franchisee and each of its Owners
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the right to
recover consequential damages for any claim directly or indirectly arising
from or relating to this Agreement. FURTHERMORE, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY LEGAL ACTION IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE TRIED TO THE COURT SITTING WITHOUT A JURY,
AND ALL PARTIES WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE ANY ACTION TRIED BY
JURY.
33

29.6

Every part of this
Agreement shall be considered severable. If for any reason any part of
this Agreement is held to be invalid, that determination shall not impair
the other parts of this Agreement. If any covenant herein which restricts
competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in
terms of geographical area, type of business activity prohibited and/or
length of time, but could be rendered enforceable by reducing any part or
all of it, Franchisee and Franchisor agree that it will be so modified as
to remain enforceable to the fullest extent permissible under applicable
law. If any applicable law requires a greater prior notice of the
termination of or refusal to enter into a successor franchise than is
required hereunder, a different standard of “good cause”, or the taking of
some other action not required hereunder, the prior notice, “good cause”
standard and/or other action required by such law shall be substituted for
the comparable provisions hereof. If any provision of this Agreement or
any specification, standard or operating procedure prescribed by
Franchisor is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, Franchisor
has the right, in its sole discretion, to modify such invalid or
unenforceable provision, specification, standard or operating procedure to
the extent required to make it valid and enforceable.

29.7

Franchisor and
Franchisee may by written instrument signed by the waiving party
unilaterally waive or reduce any obligation of the other under this
Agreement. Any waiver granted by Franchisor shall be without prejudice to
any other rights Franchisor may have, will be subject to continuing review
by Franchisor and may be revoked, in its sole discretion, at any time and
for any reason, effective upon delivery to Franchisee of 10 days’ prior
notice. Franchisee and Franchisor shall not be deemed to have waived any
right reserved by this Agreement by virtue of any custom or practice of
the parties at variance with it; any failure, refusal or neglect by
Franchisee or Franchisor to exercise any right under this Agreement or to
insist upon exact compliance by the other with its obligations hereunder;
any waiver, forbearance, delay, failure or omission by Franchisor to
exercise any right, whether of the same, similar or different nature, with
respect to other Krispy Kreme Stores; or the acceptance by Franchisor of
any payments due from Franchisee after any breach of this
Agreement.

29.8

The rights of
Franchisor and Franchisee hereunder are cumulative and no exercise or
enforcement by Franchisor or Franchisee of any right or remedy hereunder
shall preclude the exercise or enforcement by Franchisor or Franchisee of
any other right or remedy hereunder which Franchisor or Franchisee is
entitled to enforce by law.

29.9

The language of this
Agreement shall be construed according to its fair meaning and not more
strictly against any one party than the other. The Basic Terms,
introduction, personal guarantees and covenants, exhibits, schedules and
riders (if any) to this Agreement are a part of this Agreement, which
constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
there are no other oral or written agreements, understandings,
representations or statements relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement, other than the Franchise Disclosure Document, that either party
may or does rely on or that will have any force or effect. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be deemed to confer any rights or remedies on any person
or legal entity not a party hereto. This Agreement shall not be modified
except by written agreement signed by both parties.

29.10

The headings of
sections are for convenience only and do not limit or construe their
contents. The word “including” shall be construed to include the words
“without limitation.” The term “Franchisee” is applicable to one or more
persons, a corporation, limited liability company or a partnership and its
owners, as the case may be. If two or more persons are at any time
Franchisee hereunder, whether as partners, joint venturers or otherwise,
their obligations and liabilities to Franchisor shall be joint and
several.

29.11

References to a
controlling interest in an entity shall mean more than fifty percent (50%)
of the equity and voting control of such entity.

29.12
    
This Agreement is
binding on the parties hereto and their respective executors,
administrators, heirs, assigns and successors in interest. This Agreement
may be executed in multiple copies, each of which shall be deemed an
original. Time is of the essence in this
Agreement.
34

29.13
    
Whenever
this Agreement requires the approval or consent of either party, the other
party shall make written request therefor, and such approval or consent
shall be obtained in writing; provided however, unless specified otherwise
in this Agreement, such party may withhold approval or consent for any
reason or for no reason at all. Furthermore, unless specified otherwise in
this Agreement, no such approval or consent shall be deemed to constitute
a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, and the
approving or consenting party shall have no responsibility, liability or
obligation arising therefrom.

29.14

All notices,
requests and reports permitted or required to be delivered by this
Agreement shall be deemed delivered: (a) at the time delivered by hand to
the recipient party (or to an officer, director or partner of the
recipient party); (b) one (1) business day after being placed in the hands
of a commercial courier service for guaranteed overnight delivery; or (c)
five (5) business days after placement in the United States Mail by
Registered or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid
and addressed to the party to be notified at its most current principal
business address of which the notifying party has been notified in
writing. All payments and reports required by this Agreement shall be sent
to Franchisor at the address identified in this Agreement unless and until
a different address has been designated by written notice. No restrictive
endorsement on any check or in any letter or other communication
accompanying any payment shall bind Franchisor, and its acceptance of any
such payment shall not constitute an accord and satisfaction.

30.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

30.1

By
initialing below, Franchisee hereby specifically acknowledges the
following:

(a)
    
Domicile . Franchisee
acknowledges that Franchisee is not a domiciliary or a resident of any
state, other than the state where the STORE is located or, if different,
the state listed in the Basic Terms as Franchisee’s address.

Initials ________/________

(b)

Receipt of
Franchise Disclosure Document .
Franchisee acknowledges having received Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure
Document at least fourteen (14) calendar days before signing a binding
agreement or before making any payment to Franchisor or any of its
Affiliates relating to this Agreement. Franchisee has read and understands
Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document.

Initials ________/________

(c)

No Inconsistent
Representations . Franchisee
acknowledges that no representations have been made to Franchisee which
are inconsistent with information presented in Franchisor’s Franchise
Disclosure Document, and Franchisee has not relied on any representations
inconsistent with or not contained in Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure
Document.

Initials ________/________

(d)

Business Risks;
Independent Investigation. Franchisee
recognizes that the nature of Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary
Facilities may change over time, that an investment in a Krispy Kreme
Store or Commissary Facility involves business risks and that the success
of the investment is largely dependent on Franchisee’s own business
abilities, efforts and financial resources. Franchisee has conducted an
independent investigation of the business contemplated by this Agreement
and recognizes that the food service industry is highly
competitive.

Initials ________/________

(e)

Independent
Counsel . Franchisee acknowledges having
had the opportunity to seek independent counsel concerning the execution
of this Agreement and the operation of the Franchise.

Initials ________/________
35

(f)
    
No Guarantee or
Assurance . Franchisee has not received
from Franchisor or its representatives or relied on any statement,
representation, guaranty or assurance, express or implied, as to the
revenues, profits or success of the business venture contemplated by this
Agreement, nor has Franchisee received from Franchisor or its
representatives any information from which Franchisee may easily ascertain
a specific level or range of actual or potential sales, income, gross or
net profits from franchised or non-franchised Krispy Kreme Stores or
Commissary Facilities.

Initials ________/________
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the Effective Date.

KRISPY
KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION  
[FRANCHISEE]  

By:

By:

Title:

Title:

Dated:

Dated:

36

EXHIBIT A
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION AND
_______________________________ DATED _______________,
________
FRANCHISEE INFORMATION

1.
   
Form of
Entity of Franchisee.

(a) Corporation or Limited
Liability Company . Franchisee was organized on ___________, _________
under the laws of the State of ______. Its Federal Identification Number
is ________________. It has not conducted business under any name other
than its corporate or company name. The following is a list of all of
Franchisee’s directors and officers or managing members as of 
_______________, _______.

Name of Each Director/Officer/Managing Member

Position(s) Held

(b) Partnership . Franchisee
is a [general] [limited] partnership formed on ___________, _________
under the laws of the State of _______. Its Federal Identification Number
is ______________________. It has not conducted business under any name
other than its partnership name. The following is a list of all of
Franchisee ‘s general partners as of, ___________,
_________.

Name of Each General Partner

A-1

2.
   
Owners . Franchisee and
each of its Owners represents and warrants that the following is a
complete and accurate list of all Owners of Franchisee, including the full
name and mailing address of each Owner, and fully describes the nature and
extent of each Owner’s interest in Franchisee. Franchisee and each Owner
as to his/her ownership interest, represents and warrants that each Owner
is the sole and exclusive legal and beneficial owner of his/her ownership
interest in Franchisee, free and clear of all liens, restrictions,
agreements and encumbrances of any kind or nature, other than those
required or permitted by this Agreement.

Owner’s Name and Mailing Address  

Percentage and Nature of Ownership Interest  

Submitted by Franchisee and
Accepted by Franchisor and made a part of the Franchise
Agreement as of_____, ___.

KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION,
        
(Name of corporation, limited liability

a
North Carolina corporation

company or partnership)

By:

By:

Print Name:

Print Name:

Title:

Title:

By:

Print Name:

Title:

Owners:

(Signature)

(Print Name)

(Signature)

(Print Name)
 
A-2

EXHIBIT B
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION AND
________________________________ DATED _______________,
________
PRINCIPAL OWNERS’ PERSONAL GUARANTY
OF FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS (“Guaranty”)
      In
consideration of, and as an inducement to, the execution of the Krispy Kreme
Doughnut Corporation Franchise Agreement dated as of _______________, _________
(the “Agreement”) by and between KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION
(“Franchisor”), and ____________ (“Franchisee”), each of the undersigned
Principal Owners of a ten percent (10%) or greater interest in Franchisee hereby
personally and unconditionally: (a) guarantees to Franchisor and its successors
and assigns, for the term of the Agreement and thereafter as provided in the
Agreement, that Franchisee shall punctually pay and perform each and every
undertaking, agreement and covenant set forth in the Agreement (and any
amendments) and that each and every representation of Franchisee made in
connection with the Agreement (and any amendments) are true, correct and
complete in all respects at and as of the time given; and (b) agrees personally
to be bound by each and every provision in the Agreement (and any
amendments).
      Each of the
undersigned waives: (a) acceptance and notice of acceptance by Franchisor of the
foregoing undertakings; (b) notice of demand for payment of any indebtedness or
nonperformance of any obligations hereby guaranteed; (c) protest and notice of
default to any party with respect to the indebtedness or nonperformance of any
obligations hereby guaranteed; (d) any right that the undersigned may have to
require that an action be brought against Franchisee or any other person as a
condition of liability; (e) notice of any amendment to the Agreement; (f) any
and all other notices and legal or equitable defenses to which that the
undersigned may be entitled; and (g) the provisions of N.C. General Statutes §
26.7 et seq .
      Each of the
undersigned consents and agrees that: (a) the undersigned’s direct and immediate
liability under this guaranty shall be joint and several; (b) the undersigned
shall render any payment or performance required under the Agreement upon demand
if Franchisee fails or refuses to do so punctually; (c) such liability shall not
be contingent or conditioned upon pursuit by Franchisor of any remedies against
Franchisee or any other person; and (d) such liability shall not be diminished,
relieved or otherwise affected by any extension of time, credit or other
indulgence which Franchisor may from time to time grant to Franchisee or to any
other person including the acceptance of any partial payment or performance or
the compromise or release of any claims, none of which shall in any way modify
or amend this guaranty, which shall be continuing and irrevocable until
satisfied in full.
      Each of the
undersigned agrees that the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North
Carolina, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the Superior Court (or its
successor) for Forsyth County North Carolina, shall be the venue and exclusive
forum in which to adjudicate any case or controversy arising from or relating to
this Guaranty. In the event a case or controversy is to be heard by the Superior
Court (or its successor) for Forsyth County North Carolina, any party may
request that the matter be assigned to the North Carolina Business Court. Each
of the undersigned irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and
waives any objections to either the jurisdiction of or venue in such courts.
Each of the undersigned irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent he/she may
lawfully do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such
suit, action or proceeding and agrees that service of process for purposes of
any such suit, action or proceeding need not be personally served or served
within the State of North Carolina but may be served with the same effect as if
the undersigned were served within the State of North Carolina, by certified
mail or any other means permitted by law addressed to the undersigned at the
address set forth herein. Nothing contained herein shall affect Franchisor’s
rights to bring a suit, action or proceeding in any other appropriate
jurisdiction, including any suit, action or proceeding brought by Franchisor to
enforce any judgment against the undersigned entered by a State or Federal
Court.
B-1

      Each of the
undersigned waives all rights to payments and claims for reimbursement or
subrogation which any of the undersigned may have against Franchisee arising as
a result of the undersigned’s execution of and performance under this
Guaranty.
      IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has
hereunto affixed his/her signature as of the _____day of ________,
_____.

PERCENTAGE
OF OWNERSHIP  
GUARANTOR(S)  

INTERESTS
IN FRANCHISEE  

(Signature)  

(Print
Name)  

(Address)  

(Signature)  

(Print
Name)  

(Address)  

(Signature)  

(Print
Name)  

(Address)  

(Signature)  

(Print
Name)  

(Address)  

Subscribed
and sworn to before me

this _____ day of
_________, _____.

Notary
Public  

My Commission
expires:________  
 
B-2

EXHIBIT C
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION AND
______________________________ DATED ______________,
________
INVESTOR PERSONAL COVENANTS
REGARDING CONFIDENTIALITY,
NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION
      In
conjunction with your investment in __________ (“Franchisee”) a ______________,
the undersigned _________________ (“Owner”), acknowledges and agrees as
follows:
1. Franchisee owns and operates a Krispy
Kreme Store pursuant to a franchise agreement dated ____________________, _________ (“Franchise Agreement”) with Krispy Kreme
Doughnut Corporation (“Franchisor”), which Franchise Agreement requires persons
with legal or beneficial ownership interests in Franchisee to be personally
bound by the confidentiality and noncompetition covenants contained in the
Franchise Agreement. All capitalized terms contained herein shall have the same
meaning set forth in the Franchise Agreement.
2. Owner owns or intends to own a
__________________ percent (__ %) legal or beneficial ownership interest in
Franchisee and acknowledges and agrees that the execution of this Agreement is a
condition to Franchisee’s ability to enter into the Franchise Agreement and/or
Owner’s ability to invest in Franchisee. Owner has received good and valuable
consideration for executing this Agreement. Franchisor may enforce this
Agreement directly against Owner.
3. Owner may gain access to information
comprising Franchisor’s Confidential Information as a result of investing in
Franchisee. The Confidential Information is proprietary and includes
Franchisor’s trade secrets. Owner hereby agrees that while Owner has a legal or
beneficial ownership interest in Franchisee and thereafter, Owner: (a) will not
use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity; (b) will
maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; and (c) will not
make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential Information, whether
through electronic media, writings, or other tangible or intangible means of
expression. Without limiting the foregoing, Owner (i) acknowledges that he/she
may have access to Franchisor’s material non-public information and that of its
parent, Krispy Kreme Doughnut Inc. (“KKDI”), and that the securities laws
prohibit trading in KKDI securities while in possession of such information, and
(ii) agrees to refrain from trading in KKDI securities in violation of such
laws. If Owner ceases to have an interest in Franchisee, Owner must deliver to
Franchisor any such Confidential Information in his/her possession or
control.
4. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein and provided Owner has obtained Franchisor’s prior
written consent, the restrictions on Owner’s disclosure and use of the
Confidential Information will not apply to the following:

(a)
    
information, methods,
procedures, techniques and knowledge which are or become generally known
in the food service business, other than through disclosure (whether
deliberate or inadvertent) by Franchisee, Franchisee’s Owners, agents, or
employees; and

(b)

the disclosure of the
Confidential Information in judicial, arbitration or administrative
proceedings to the extent that Owner is legally compelled to disclose such
information, provided Owner has notified Franchisor prior to such
disclosure and has used its best efforts to obtain, and has afforded
Franchisor sufficient opportunity to seek an appropriate protective order
and obtain, assurances satisfactory to Franchisor of confidential
treatment for the information required to be so
disclosed.
C-1

5. Owner acknowledges and agrees that
Franchisor would be unable to (a) protect the Confidential Information against
unauthorized use or disclosure; (b) preserve the prestige, integrity, and
goodwill of the Products, Marks, and System; or (c) encourage the free exchange
of ideas and information among Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities if
franchisees and owners of Krispy Kreme Stores and Commissary Facilities or their
owners were permitted to engage in or benefit from certain competitive
activities. Therefore, except as expressly authorized by another written
agreement with Franchisor, Owner agrees that during the term of the Franchise
Agreement or during such time as Owner has an Ownership Interest in Franchisee
(whichever is shorter), without Franchisor’s prior written consent, Owner shall
not directly or indirectly (including through a Restricted Person):

(i)
    
have any Ownership
Interest in a Competitive Business;

(ii)

perform services as a
director, officer, manager, partner, or supervisory or management-level
employee, of any Competitive Business;

(iii)

perform services as an
employee, consultant, representative, agent or otherwise for a Competitive
Business, where such services could be reasonably expected to benefit,
either directly or indirectly, whether financially or otherwise, from the
disclosure of any Confidential Information to such Competitive
Business;

(iv)

recruit or hire any
Person who is Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any Krispy Kreme
Store or Commissary Facility, or who has been Franchisor’s employee or the
employee of any Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility within the past
six (6) months without obtaining prior written permission from Franchisor
and that Person’s employer. If Franchisor permits Owner to hire any such
Person, then Owner agrees to pay Franchisor a non-refundable Management
Development Fee in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000)
per hired employee as of the date of hire; or

(v)

induce or attempt to
induce any Person who is Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any
Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility to discontinue working for
Franchisor or such Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility as the case
may be.
6. Upon termination of the Franchise
Agreement or Owner’s Ownership Interest in Franchisee (whichever first occurs),
Owner shall not directly or indirectly (including through a Restricted Person),
for a period of two (2) years commencing on the effective date of such
termination:

(a)
    
have any Ownership
Interest in a Competitive Business located within a radius of ten (10)
miles of the Site or of any other Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary
Facility then open or under construction;

(b)

perform services as a
director, officer, manager, partner, or supervisory or management-level
employee, of any Competitive Business located within a radius of ten (10)
miles of the Site or of any other Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary
Facility then open or under construction;

(c)

perform services as an
employee, consultant, representative, agent or otherwise for a Competitive
Business located within a radius of ten (10) miles of the Site or of any
other Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility then open or under
construction, where such services could be reasonably expected to benefit,
either directly or indirectly, whether financially or otherwise, from the
disclosure of any Confidential Information to such Competitive
Business;

(d)

recruit or hire any
Person who is Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any Krispy Kreme
Store or Commissary Facility or who has been Franchisor’s employee or the
employee of any Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility within the past
six (6) months without obtaining prior written permission from Franchisor
and that Person’s employer. If Franchisor permits Owner to hire any such
Person, then Owner agrees to pay Franchisor a non-refundable Management
Development Fee in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000)
per hired employee as of the date of hire; or

(e)

induce or attempt to
induce any Person who is Franchisor’s employee or the employee of any
Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility to discontinue working for
Franchisor or such Krispy Kreme Store or Commissary Facility as the case
may be.
C-2

7. Owner expressly acknowledges the
possession of skills and abilities of a general nature and the opportunity to
exploit such skills in other ways, so that enforcement of the covenants
contained in Sections 5 and 6 of these covenants will not deprive
him/her of his/her personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. If any
covenant herein which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by
virtue of its scope or in terms of geographic area, type of business activity
prohibited and/or length of time, but could be rendered enforceable by reducing
any part or all of it, Owner agrees that it will be enforced to the fullest
extent permissible under applicable law and public policy. Franchisor may obtain
in any court of competent jurisdiction any injunctive relief, including
temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, against conduct or
threatened conduct for which no adequate remedy at law may be available or which
may cause it irreparable harm. Owner acknowledges that any violation of
Sections 4 , 5 , or 6 of these covenants would result in
irreparable injury for which no adequate remedy at law may be available. If
Franchisor files a claim to enforce this Agreement and prevails in such
proceeding, Owner agrees to reimburse Franchisor for all its costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
8. Owner agrees that the U.S. District
Court for the Middle District of North Carolina, or if such court lacks
jurisdiction, the Superior Court (or its successor) for Forsyth County North
Carolina, shall be the venue and exclusive forum in which to adjudicate any case
or controversy arising from or relating to these covenants. In the event a case
or controversy is to be heard by the Superior Court (or its successor) for
Forsyth County North Carolina, any party may request that the matter be assigned
to the North Carolina Business Court. Owner irrevocably submits to the
jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to either the jurisdiction
of or venue in such courts. Owner irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent he
or she may lawfully do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding and agrees that service of
process for purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding need not be
personally served or served within the State of North Carolina but may be served
with the same effect as if he or she were served within the State of North
Carolina, by certified mail or any other means permitted by law, addressed to
Owner at the address set forth herein. Nothing contained herein shall affect
Franchisor’s rights to bring a suit, action or proceeding in any other
appropriate jurisdiction, including any suit, action or proceeding brought by
Franchisor to enforce any judgment against Owner entered by a State or Federal
Court.
9. If Franchisor claims in any judicial
proceeding that Owner has breached any of the covenants contained herein, and
Franchisor prevails on such claims, then Franchisor shall be awarded its costs
and expenses incurred in connection with such proceedings, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees.
     IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Agreement on the ___
day of _________, ______.

OWNER  

(Signature)  

(Print
Name)  

(Address)  
C-3

EXHIBIT D
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION AND
______________________________ DATED ______________,
________
Automatic Debit Notification (ADN)
Program Authorization for ACH Debits or Credits
The undersigned Franchisee hereby
authorizes Krispy Kreme Doughnut Corporation (“KKDC”) to initiate debit and/or
credit entries via the Automated Clearing House (ACH) to the bank account
established with the bank shown below. This authority is to remain in full and
force and effect until the bank has received written notification from
Franchisee of the termination of such authority and such termination has been
confirmed in writing by KKDC.

BANK NAME  

City, State  

Bank Transit/ABA
Number  

Bank Account
Number  

Franchisee (Print
Name)  

By:   

Title:  

Date:  

D-1

EXHIBIT E
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION AND
______________________________ DATED______________,
________
AUTHORIZED OFF-PREMISES
SALES
      By signing
below, Franchisor authorizes Franchisee to make sales of the specified Products
to the following locations on a non-exclusive basis from Store Number
______located at ___________________________. Capitalized terms used herein
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement for Store
Number ____. Franchisor may impose other terms and conditions from time to time
by written directives. This authorization runs concurrently with the term of the
Franchise Agreement for the store and terminates automatically and without
notification on any termination or expiration of that agreement. In addition,
either party may terminate this authorization, with or without cause, upon
180-days written notice to the other party.

Products:  

Locations:  

KRISPY
KREME DOUGHNUT CORPORATION  

FRANCHISEE  

By:

By:

Its:

Its:

Date:

Date:

E-1